P Which French monarch reinstated the divine right of the monarchy to France and was known as `The Sun King' because of the splendour of his reign? 
A The `Wicked Bible', printed in 1631, became so called because the word `not' was omitted from which of the Ten Commandments? 
P Which eponymous hero of a work first published in 1902 was warned of the dangers lurking in a nearby garden with the words `Your father had an accident there; he was put in a pie by Mr. McGregor'? 
P Which European patron saint was once a ruler of Bohemia and has given his name to a Square in Prague? 
X Which Italian term describes a virtuoso passage, usually for a solo instrument near the end of a concerto, originally intended to have an improvisatory character. 
P Which boxer, representing Canada, won the 1988 Olympic Super-Heavyweight Gold Medal, defeating Riddick Bowe of the USA in the final? 
X Which competition was won by Eimear Quinn with `The Voice' in 1996, this being the fourth win in five years for her country? 
X Which battle, whose 250th anniversary was celebrated in April 1996, was fought on a part of Drummossie Muir whose name translates from the Gaelic as `stinking bog'? 
X Which fibre is produced from two species of of Corchorus plant, was first exported to the west from India in in the 1790s and from 1822 was manufactured commercially into yarn in Dundee? 
P Which Jane Austen heroine was told by her father, ``Your mother will never see you again if you do not marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you do.''? 
X Strenuous exercise can cause a build-up of which acid in the muscles. 
O Which commission was established in 1948 but adopted its present name in 1973 under the Fair Trading Act and has embraced the Competition Act since 1980? 
X Which performing arts complex was opened was opened in 1973 and was reported by National Geographic magazine as having had its roofline variously described as clam shells, full blown sails or a huddle of nuns in a high wind? 
X In chemistry, which organic compounds are characterised by the functional group COOH? 
P Which British physicist, whose four equations form a complete description of the inter-relation of electric and magnetic fields, gave his name to the c.g.s. unit of magnetic flux? 
P Who became Governor of Hong Kong after he lost his position as MP for Bath in the 1992 General Election? 
L From 1955 to 1957, the English soldier and field marshall Sir John Harding was Governor-General of which island during the terrorist campaign against its British administration? 
X What name is given to the popular Greek spirit flavoured with aniseed? 
P In AD 324, which Roman emperor claimed Byzantium as a new Rome for the Eastern empire? 
P The first Violin Concerto in G minor by which composer, born in Cologne in 1838, has been voted Britain's favourite piece of classical music in each of the last three years when Classic FM has compiled a `Hall of Fame' from its listeners' votes? 
W Which seven word phrase originated in the United States as the title of a 1936 book on business psychology by Dale Carnegie? 
P Cecil Day Lewis' character Nigel Strangeways, whom he created in the detective novels which he wrote under the pseudonym Nicholas Blake, is widely believed to be based on which poet friend of the author? 
X The Russian modern pentathlete Boris Onischenko was disqualified from the 1976 Olympics for cheating in which of the five disciplines? 
P Which Sheffield-born pop star was described in `Select' magazine as having `The wit of Alan Bennett in the body of Kenneth Williams'? 
L In September 1995, France exploded a test nuclear weapon approximately 700 miles south-east of Tahiti at which atoll in the South Pacific? 
L The Kalahari Desert covers part of Namibia, Zimbabwe and South Africa, but lies primarily within which land-locked country? 
A What number results from adding the number of Noble Truths of Buddhism to the number of Pillars of Islam? 
X Charles II, also known as Charles the Mad, reigned in Spain from 1665 until 1700 and was the last Spanish monarch of which dynasty? 
P Which architect of the 19th century Gothic Revival was born in 1812 and is probably best known for his work, with Charles Barry,x on the Houses of Parliament?
P Which novelist, winner of the 1965 Nobel Prize for Literature, wrote "The Silent Don", published in two parts as "And Quiet Flows the Don" and "The Don Flows Home to the Sea"? 
P Which poet was born in 1572 and appointed Dean of St. Paul's Cathedral in 1621? 
X What name is given to goods sold not primarily to make a profit but to attract customers so that they might buy other goods? 
X Which creature is related to the sloth and the anteater, is found primarily in South America, and can be three, six and nine banded? 
L In which city did Hitler and his supporters invade the Burgerbraukeller to stage the abortive Beer Hall Putsch of November 1923? 
W Which symphonic piece by Saint-Saens is based on a poem by Henri Cazalis, in which the fiddler Death summons skeletons from their graves at midnight? 
L The shoreline of the Caspian Sea lies on states of the former Soviet Union and which other country? 
P Which pope, a member of the Medici family, excommunicated Martin Luther and appointed Henry VIII Defender of the Faith in England? 
X People with the hereditary disease sickle cell anaemia, particularly distributed among the black population of all continents, are resistant to which disease? 
X In electronics, what term is used for the range of frequencies within which the performance of a circuit or amplifier does not fall below a specified amount? 
W `I met a traveller from an antique land' is the opening line of which poem by Percy Bysshe Shelley? 
P Which Australian, nicknamed the Roehampton Rocket, achieved the unique feat of winning lawn tennis's grand slam twice, once as an amateur and once as a professional? 
W Which film, released in 1995 and taking it's title from a phrase used by Claude Rains' character in the 1941 film Casablanca, starred Kevin Spacey and Gabriel Byrne? 
P Between 1948 and 1957 John Costello was twice Taoiseach, or Prime Minister of the Irish Republic, but who was the Taoiseach before and after Costello and between his two terms? 
W `And the Lord spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai' are the opening words (in the Authorised Version) of which book of the Old Testament? 
B In the United Kingdom, land identified as having flora and fauna, or geological or physiological features, needing protection may be designated as a SSSI. What do these initials represent? 
P Which king was supposedly described by Henry IV of France as `the wisest fool in Christendom'? 
W Which illuminated book of the gospels, considered a masterpiece of the Hiberno-Saxon style, can be found in the library of Trinity College, Dublin? 
W Based on the author's early experiences, which novel by Jack London recounts the Alaskan adventures of Jack Thornton and his dog Buck? 
P Which writer was appointed Professor of American Studies at the University of East Anglia in 1970? 
X Also known as the Norway lobster or the Dublin Bay prawn, by what name is Nephrops Norvegicus known when sold in food shops and restaurants? 
L First established by Fanny Waterman and Marion Harewood in 1963, an international piano competition has been held every three years in which English city? 
B What was the name of the USA's planned system of combating incoming nuclear missiles which was represented by the initials SDI? 
X What name is commonly given to the type of fly whose scientific name is Musca Vomitoria, sometimes known as the blow fly? 
P Which British mathematician, who in 1854 published `Investigations of the Laws of Thought' is, with Augustus De Morgan, considered to be one of the founding fathers of mathematical logic? 
P Which colonel in the late seventeenth century posed as a clergyman in order to enter the Tower of London to steal the crown jewels? 
L If you flew due south from Aberdeen, what would be the last English county that you would fly over before encountering the English Channel? 
P Whose law states that the rate of diffusion of a gas is inversely proportional to the square root of its density? 
P Which fictional character, who combined the roles of gentleman burglar and England cricketer, was created by E. W. Hornung and has been played on screen by Ronald Coleman and David Niven? 
W Which thriller series became in 1946 the first daily radio serial broadcast by the BBC, and use `The Devils Gallop' by Charles Williams as its signature tune?
L Which village in Galilee was the venue of the marriage at which Christ, agreeing to replenish the dwindling supply of festive drinks, turned water into wine? 
X Will Hutton, author of the book ``The State We're In'', was appointed Editor of which Sunday broadcast newspaper in March 1996? 
X In which game is a goal scored when the ball passes between the central posts, and a behind scored when it passes between the central posts and a behind post? 
P In Dostoevsky's novel ``Crime and Punishment'', what is the name of the impoverished student who kills an old pawnbroker for her money? 
P The inscription on the tomb of which king in Westminster Abbey includes the words `Malleus Scotorum hic est', meaning `Here is the Hammer of the Scots'? 
W Which overture by Brahms, first performed at Breslau in 1881, makes use of four German studen songs including `Gaudeamus Igitur'? 
L Which ancient track follows the southern slope of the North Downs via Winchester and Canterbury to the Kent coast? 
X What, according to Shakespeare's Macbeth, `knits up the ravelled sleeves of care'? 
X Glyceryl trinitrate belongs to a group of vasodilator drugs used to relieve which condition, linked mainly to diseases of the coronary arteries? 
P The physical constant usually denoted by k and having the value 1.38 * 10^-23 Joules per Kelvin, is named after which Austrian born physicist? 
X The Learmont report into the escape of prisoners from which jail led to the dismissal of Derek Lewis as Director-General of the Prison Service in 1995? 
X Which Florentine building, the work of the architect Giorgio Vasari, was originally constructed to hold the offices of the government judiciary? 
X What three word name is given to the family of joints which has been used in furniture making for centuries and which is identified by its tongue and mouth components? 
X Fought in Moravia on 2 December 1805, the Battle of the Three Emperors is otherwise known by which name? 
X Widely used in car trim, which metal when added to steel forms protective oxde film on the surface of the steel? 
W Which 1990 film, directed by Tim Burton and described as a modern fairy tale was advertised with the words ``His story will touch you, even though he can't''?
X In the stories by James Herriot, what surname does he use for the brothers Siegfried and Tristan, the brothers whose vetinary practice he shares? 
L Which country, with and area greater than the combined areas of France, Germany and Italy, was part of the vice-royalty of New Spain, established in 1535 until it achieved independence in 1821? 
X What name is given to the syrup which remains after sugar has been crystallized out of cane and from which rum is made? 
O Which organization was born out of the the so-called Limehouse Declaration in 1981? 
W The Book of Changes, an ancient book of divination and one of the five classics of Confucianism, is known by which Chinese name? 
W The ``Pilgrim's Chorus'' came from which Wagner opera about a minstrel knight of the thirteenth century? 
P In the third century BC, which Carthagian general led his forcres to victory over the Romans at locations including the Ticinus River, the Trebia Plain and the shores of Lake Trasimene? 
X In which event in the 1908 London Olympics was Dorando Pietri disqualified for being helped across the finishing line by officials? 
X Argon is normally mixed with 20% of which element in the filling of electric filament lamps? 
P Which author completed his `Sword Of Honour' in 1961 with the novel `Unconditional Surrender'? 
L Which land-locked country of North-West Africa beacme an overseas territory of the French Union and was known as French Sudan until it adopted its present name upon independence in 1960? 
X Also known as the missing mass, what term is used for the material of uncertain composition thought to comprise 90% or more of the mass of the universe, undetectable except for its gravitational effect? 
X What name is given to the message which the President of the United States delivers to Congress at the start of each year, roughly equivalent to the Queen's Speech in Britain? 
P In Greek legend, which daughter of Cassiopeia was chained to a rock as a sacrifice to a sea monster but was rescued by Perseus? 
P Which character created by the comedian Steve Coogan is noted for his lager drinnking and hatred of students? 
X What name is given to the Minoan scripty used by the prehistoric inhabitants of Crete and mainland Greece between 1400 and 1200 BC, which was eventually deciphered by Michael Ventris in 1952? 
P Who entered the University of Konigsberg in 1740 as a theology student, going on fifteen years later to become the Professor of Logic and Metaphysics at the same institution? 
X Which word has entered the language for the practice of raising the price of, or accepting a higher price for, a house after a lower price has been agreed but before the contracts have actually been exchanged? 
W In which fourteenth century alliterative poem by William Langford do a series of allegorical visions appear to the narrator in his dreams? 
A What is the magnitude of the scalar product of two vectors, a and b, if a is perpendicular to b? 
L A privilege granted by the Queen by Letters Patent in 1984, which is the only county entitled to call itself `The Royal County'? 
P Which French scientist demonstrated the germ theory of disease by eliminating bacteria from silkworms in the 1860s, and went on to work on anthrax and cholera? 
P Which Northern Ireland politician has been the leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party since 1979? 
X According to the satirical magazine Punch, which single word constituted Mr. Punch's advice to those about to marry? 
X Of which metallic element is stibnite the ore? 
X What is the name of the dog on PBS who likes to dress up and act out famous works of literature?
X When Thetis dipped her son in the river Styx trying to make him immortal she grabbed him by this body part which became an idiom for a point of vulnerability?
X Name the tie-wearing dog in the Dilbert comic strip.
P What guitarist died in 1971, a year after his electric Star Spangled Banner rocked Woodstock?
X What did Ralph Kramden drive in the sitcom "The Honeymooners"?
X According to the title of the NBC show, what is the occupation of Rachel Burke, the former prosecutor-turned FBI agent working for the Violent Crimes Task Force?
P Who killed Holofernes by seducing him and beheading him?
P Who is Chip's Mom in Beauty and the Beast?
X This toy likes to 'walk' down stairs.
X What is the toy that has multi-colored blocks, used to build things?
X A German offensive called the Battle of the Bulge occured during what war?
L On Fox's 'That 70s Show,' where does the gang like to gather to read comics?
X In golf, what is another name for an 'ace'?
X What obsessive habit did the neighbor boy have in 'American Beauty'?
W What Akira Kurosawa film is based on MacBeth?
X Which Zodiacal Sign is represented by a goat?
X A period of unusually warm weather in fall is given this name.
A How many sides does an Octagon have?
X If a girl's nickname is Betsy, what is her full first name most likely to be?
T In what year was CNN launched?
L What city was the home to the long-lived band Aerosmith?
X What color was the incredible Hulk?
P What young composer's employers must have known his genius when the retained him as organist in Arnstadt even though he stayed away for 3 months while on a 1 month leave?
L What is the capital of Ethiopia?
A How many weeks a year does the average American adult spend cleaning up in the kitchen after meals?
A How many Sudanese slaves were freed in 1998 because a 4th grade Denver class raised $35,000 to buy their freedom?
P Who was the first U.S. president to have a phone on his desk?
C What percentage of his wealth has Microsoft's Bill Gates promised to donate this year for children's vaccines in poor countries.
A How many American men are married?
P Which major-league pitcher once struck out five batters in one inning.
P Who discovered chewing gum?
X What is the most popular participator sport in America?
P What was St. Patrick's real name? 
X What band got their name from the sixties movie Barbarella?
W What is the name of the original comic strip Bill The Cat appeared in?
P What was the name of the character on the 1st Garbage Pail Kids Pack?
A What was Max Headroom's network number?
P Which Sci-Fi Sitcom star like to eat cats?
X Name the late eighties band that named the sides of their first album Hardware and Software and also used samples from Star Trek movies in their songs.
P Who sang "I Want My MTV" on the Dire Straits song "Money For Nothing"?
W What 80's game show featured the "Whammy"?
W Alanis Morrisette appeared on what 80's cable children's show?
P What was the name of the host of Double Dare?
X Xavier Roberts was the name associated with which eighties toy?
X What made Michael Milken famous and rich?
X What was Maggie Seaver's maiden name on Growing Pains?
X What did the license plate on the Delorean in Back To The Future spell out?
O What company made PacMan?
O What company made the first color arcade game?
X What was the first video Mtv played?
X What was the first game show on Mtv?
O What company used the little aligators as it's symbol on clothing?
X What was the war during Regan's first term that took place on an island in the carribean?
P Who shot J.R. Euing?
W What was the first movie Disney released through a subsidary company that carried an R rating?
X What were the colors of a Rubik's Cube?
W What show did the catch phrase, "Yeah, That's The Ticket" originate on?
L What former communist European country was responsible for producing one of the lamest automobiles of the eighties?
X What was E.T.'s favorite candy?
P Who was the founder of Live Aid?
P What famous soap opera duo reigned on General Hospital in the eighties?
W What eighties TV show starred Bruce Willis in a detective agency?
P Which quicky brunette was one of the first MTv VJs?
X What was the name of David Hasselhoff's talking car in Knight Ridder?
W What eighties TV show starred Tom Hanks in women's clothing?
P What was the name of Eddie Murphy's character in Beverly Hills Cop?
X What duo lost their Grammy for Best New Artist from the eighties?
W What late night news show became popular in the eighties after the Iranian Hostage takeover?
P Who was the female Prime Minister of England throughout the eighties?
W What TV show with married couples and family life appealed to those over the age of 29?
X What rock magazine that came out in the eighties is now Rolling Stone's major competitor?
W Which movie prompted the style of wearing cutoff sweatshirts over the shoulder?
W In which Fox TV show did Johnny Dep play an undercover cop in high school?
W Which TV show portrayed the lives of performing arts high school students
T What time would you watch "Late Night With David Letterman" on NBC?
X What father/daughter duo made "Gag Me With A Spoon" a household phrase in the eighties?
X Which royal wedding of the eighties is now scandelously coming apart?
X Which pain relieving product was subjected to a public relations scare in the eighties?
P Who was responsible for the infamous assination attempt on then President Reagan?
X Name at least three arcade games which contributed to the explosion of mall rats?
L What major city calls itself 'The Windy City'? 
P What are the names of Angelica's parents in the Rugrats? 
P In the bible, who's name was changed to Israel? 
P What is the last name of the beardless Z.Z.Top band member? 
P What was the first name of Sherlock Holmes' Dr. Watson? 
P Who conquered the castle of Elvas in Portugal? 
X What was the first newspaper owned by William Randolph Hearst, Senior? 
L Where is the home location of the 'Blue Angels'? 
W In what story did Sherlock Holmes make his debut? 
R Charlemagne ruled a large part of western and central Europe in the years?
R How long is the national anthem of Greece?
X What relationship was Jesus to John the Baptist? 
P Who was the actress in the 1944 film that said 'You know how to whistle, don't you? You just put your lips together - and blow.'?
O What is the oldest college in the U.S.?
P Who was the captain of the Pottsville Maroons football team in 1925?
P What President promised a chicken in every pot?
X What was the name of the dynasty of the french kings that ended under the French Revolution? 
P Which prominent African-American singer was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar in 1972?
P Who is considered the father of Modern Geology? 
A How many time zones are there in the world? 
X What is a 300th anniversary called? 
X What was the Tin Man's name in the Wizard of Oz?
X What is the play West Side Story based on? 
L What country is Cornelius Drebbel from?
L What is the name of the most southerly village in mainland Britain?
X What is the longest bone in the body? 
L Which city had the first movie theatre in the US? 
P Who directed 8 Man?
P Who was the director of Godzilla, King of Monsters?
L What is the name of the cape at the southernmost tip of Africa? 
A How many cows does it take to supply the NFL in footballs for one year?
X What was the name of the first steam-powered warship? 
A How many men who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 later became US presidents?
A How many bones are there in the inner ear?
X What was the code name of the D-Day invasion? 
P In Greek mythology, who were the god Zeus' parents?
T In what year did National Geographic magazine start? 
L On what river is the city of Cincinnati located? 
P Which actress hired a private investigator to find David Strickland before it was too late? 
P Who was the first Australian Secretary General to the General Assembly of the United Nations? 
P Who is the lead singer for Stone Temple Pilots? 
P What American president had a marijuana patch in his backyard?
X What type of animal is 'Shardik', in Richard Adams' novel of the same name?
P Who was the bowler whom Sobers hit for 6 sixes in an over?
L What is the largest county in the United states? 
P Stephen King has written 5 books under what pseudonym?
T What year did Rolf Harris have an Australian Top 10 hit with 'Two little boys, with Two little toys..'?
X What letter does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of elements? 
L What is the capital city of the Cote d'Ivoire?
B What does the postage stamp cancellation O.H.M.S. mean? 
X Of all the planets - which is the largest?
X What is the dry ingredient in a roux?
L What U.S. city's state capitol is located 5280 ft. above sea level? 
X What was the crime committed for those dwelling in Dante's lowest level of hell in his work, 'The Inferno'? 
X What was the last animal to be tamed as a food source? 
L Where is Arthur C. Clarke presently residing?
T When was the constitution fully ratified? 
W In what famous sci fi flick did an Einsteinlike scientist say to a space alien 'sit down. I have several thousand questions I'd like to ask you'? 
X What animal has the largest penis size in proportion to its body size? 
A How many 'joeys' can a female kangaroo have in her pouch at one time?
W In which Dr. Seuss book did the word 'nerd' first appear?
L In what US state was the Phillips head screwdriver invented? 
T On what day was Mother Teresa awarded the nobel peace prize? 
A How many sheets of paper are in a ream?
P Who set the train speed record of 552 kph on April 14 1999?
P In Disney comics, who are Daisy Duck's three nieces?
X The word 'poltergeist' comes from what language?
P In the movie 'Shaft', what was Shaft's first name? 
X What is the airport code for Hartford CT? 
P In the movie Tommy Boy, who played Richard?
P Who leads the National Hockey League in all-time playoff penalty minutes? 
X What sense does a dying person lose first? 
P Who was Johnny Carson's first guest on 'The Tonight Show' on October 1st, 1962? 
X Jane Asher's (Paul McCartney's 60's girlfriend) brother was in what early 60's group? 
P Who was the only person to appear on both 'Kids in the Hall' and 'Saturday Night Live?'
P Who directed all James Bond films up to the recent 'The World is not enough'? 
W What is the name of the theme song from M*A*S*H?
X Ford had a problem in Brazil when the Pinto wouldn't sell. Ford later found out Pinto was Brazilian slang for what? 
P What was Columbos' dogs name?
P Who discovered King Tut's tomb? 
T In what year was King Tut's tomb discovered? 
X What was used to signal advance into battle in World War I for the East Surrey Regiment? 
T What year was the NBA formed? 
T In what year was the Louisiana Purchase?
P At the battle of Antietam, who commanded the XII Corps for the Union side? 
P Who was the most famous gorgon? 
P What was the name of the comic book character who couldn't talk, but replied to all by making sounds? 
P Kinsey Millhone is a recurring character in what author's series of novels?
X What was the original color of the white house? 
P Who starred in the movie 'Highpoint'?
X What language spoken by the ancient Babylonians?
P Which U.S. president entertained his friends by writing Latin with one hand and Greek with the other.
P Which Peanuts character plays the piano?
P Who is credited with coining the phrase, 'M'Kay?'
L In which US city were the first electric traffic lights installed?
L Which is the most densely populated state?
X What did Roland Garros create in 1915? 
P Who invented the fighter plane?
X What was Cyndi Lauper's dog named?
X What is the largest Rotary Club in terms of members outside of North America?
L What is the state capital of Wisconsin? 
X According to the bible, what is the root of all evil? 
P Name Cheech's cousin in the movie 'Cheech & Chong's Up in Smoke'.
P Who invented the potato chip? 
X What element on the Periodic Table has the symbol W?
L What is the only US state with a diamond mine? 
L Where is the Indian chief Geronimo buried? 
X What does the "G" in the movie ratings stand for?
T When does Summer officially begin?
X What was Woodstock, that lovable friend of Snoopy's, favorite winter sport?
X What dice game invented by a wealthy Canadian Couple in 1956 was originally called the "Yacht Game"?
W Maurice Sendak, author of the popular children's book "In the Night Kitchen" also wrote an award-winning book on monsters.  What is the title of this book?
X What sport was invented by a YMCA Instructor in Springfield, Massachusetts in 1891?
C What percentage of gun-owning households with children do not always keep their guns locked in a secure place?
A How many weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave does the Family Medical Leave Act allow?
P Who was the youngest athlete to win a gold medal at the Winter Olympics?
P Which famous composer wrote "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star" at age six?
M How much does the average teenager get in weekly allowance?
X What is the name of the pollen-producing structure of a flower?
L In "The Adventure of Superman" the natural parents of Clark Kent sent him to Earth in a rocket which landed in which American town?
P What 17th Century Irish Archbishop added up the ages of all the people in the Bible and concluded that Creation had occurred in 4004 B.C.?
L What is the largest system of island groups in the world.
X What does a camel's hump contain?
P Who is the only major league pitcher to retire immediately after a 27-win season?
X Which race was Greg LaMond the first American to win?
P Which Law & Order seasoned actor also was smart enough to win $34,000 for his favorite charity on 'Celebrity Jeopardy!'?
X What is the name of the long, whiplike extensions on sperm cells which enable them to swim?
P What legendary attorney represented Leopold and Loeb, among other pariahs?
X On Spin City, for what position did Mike hire Caitlan Moore, played by Heather Locklear?
O For what team did Bob Feller pitch an opening day no-hitter?
P What British physicist and chemist is best known for his discoveries in the fields of electricity and magnetism.
P What woman is once again the Pakistani Prime Minister?
P Who is the author of "A Farewell to Arms".
X Annie Lennox was originally the lead singer of what group, with husband Dave Stewart?
P Tom Selleck portrayed which character in the detective series "The Rockford Files"?
P Who was the first character in "The Wizard of Oz" to wear the Ruby Slippers?
P What absurdist playwright wrote the original lyrics for "Mack the Knife"?
X Which organ in the Endocrine system controls the functions of all of the others?
X What form of Buddhism is prevalent in Sri Lanka, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar?
P Throwing for 318 yards, who was the MVP of Super Bowl XIII?
A How many judges are on the US Supreme Court?
C What percentage of medical school graduates were women, 1998-99?
C What percentage of U.S. adults suffer from hypertension (high blood pressure).
T What year was "You Bet Your Life" first broadcast on television?
T When was the Princeton University Chapel constructed?
O In 1934 a summer camp for boys formed in Griggstown. Which group was the sponsor?
C Of the known animal species, what percent are insects?
L Which country's workers expressed the highest degree of job dissatisfaction?
L Which country has the highest number of highway deaths per 100,000 population?
X What unit of measure is used in calculating the diameter of a cigar?
P Which president is buried in Princeton?
L What are the top two silver producing countries?
C What proportion of the nation's freight bill is accounted for by trucks?
L Which country had the greatest sale of over-the-counter health care products per capita in 1999?
R How long did "Gunsmoke" run on network TV?
C What percentage of new medicines receiving FDA approval in 1999 were developed by research-based pharmaceutical companies headquartered in New Jersey?
C What percentage of the 2.5 million Muslims in the United States are followers of Louis Farrakhan's Nation of Islam?
M At what income would a family of four be living in poverty?
A How many items are typically for sale on eBay, the Internet auction site?
A How much does a cumulus cloud with a volume of one-quarter cubic mile weigh?
T IBM announced the personal computer in what year?
R How long does it take a newly-planted cranberry bog to produce marketable berries?
T When should you applaud during a Shakespeare performance according to "Shakespeare for Dummies"?
P Who was the designer of the "American Modern" dinnerware?
R How long is the train ride from London to Paris?
L In what state is the oldest operating lighthouse in the United States located?
A Of the estimated 6,000 to 8,000 poisonous snake bites in the United States each year, how many are fatal?
P What was Michelangelo's last name?
C What percent of women with children under 3 send pictures of their babies via e-mail?
L What is the largest island adjoining the continental United States?
P Who was originally cast as Rick in "Casablanca," a role eventually played by Humphrey Bogart?
X What lubricant was used to help slide the 4,800-ton Hatteras Lighthouse when it was moved 2,900 feet from its original site by sliding it along steel beams?
X How do birds find worms that are underground?
L What city was Adolph Hitler referring to when he wrote in "Mein Kampf," that his years there were "a time of the greatest transformation which I have ever been through."?
R During 1999, how many days passed before a new Home Depot store opened, on average?
P Which famous writer said, "I find it harder and harder every day to live up to my blue china."
O What company earned the most U.S. patents in 1999?
L Which Somerset County municipality had the highest proportion of persons 18 years old and younger in 1990?
T Approximately when did the Vikings first land in North America?
M What does the Pentagon say its version of the proposed "space shield" missile-defense system will cost?
C What percentage of Americans receive food stamps?
L What is the most researched honeymoon and romance destination at Travelocity.com?
T What was the peak year for accidents during the 1990s on the N.J. Turnpike?
M How much more did the average CEO of a major U.S. company make last year than the average worker?
L n what country are Big Macs most expensive?
L Which country spent the most per capita on recorded music last year?
L In what part of the country are retail gasoline prices the lowest?
D What is the approximate maximum distance at which a clap of thunder can be heard?
A How many vehicles are owned or leased by the U.S. federal government?
L Which city outside the United States ranked first in Internet domain registrations in January 2000?
D How high is the pitcher's mound in Major League baseball?
M What is the average price today of a new car?
L What is the richest city neighborhood in America?
M What is the cost of the optimal daily diet for a woman aged 25 to 50?
C What percentage of American high school students are enrolled in daily physical education classes?
C What percentage of suspects charged with crimes make confessions to police?
O Which Major League Baseball team charges the most for a hot dog?
C What percentage of fatal traffic accidents in New Jersey in 1995 were alcohol related?
X Which library has the largest collection in the world?
O Which New Jersey college ranked highest on Yahoo! Internet Life's list of "100 Most Wired Colleges?"
O What is New Jersey's top-rated seafood restaurant in the 2000 Zagat Survey?
O Southwest Airlines was rated the top U.S. airline in a national study released last week. Which airline finished second?
C What percentage of Africa's population lives without access to basic healthcare or a safe water source?
L Which nation has the "most global economy?"
C What percentage of total federal income tax collections come from corporations?
C What is the total federal tax take, in percentage terms, for a family of four at the national median income of $39,000?
C What percentage of people polled in New Jersey believe that God created the Earth in six days?
X Which type of treatment for back pain produced the best results among those polled by Consumer Reports?
T What is the latest date at least one inch of snow fell in New Brunswick during a 24-hour period?
O Which college or university has the largest number of graduates serving in the Peace Corps?
L Which of the 50 largest cities in the United States had the lowest unemployment rate in 1998?
P Which of the following female pop musicians has yet to reach her 40th birthday?
C What has been the average inflation-adjusted return on stocks during the 200-year history of the stock market?
C What percentage of computer monitors used in the home are set with a screen resolution of 800 by 600 pixels?
C What percentage of New Jersey residents drink bottled or filtered water?
C What percentage of people use e-mail to circulate jokes?
C What was Internet Explorer's browser market share in February?
X Which New Jersey daily newspaper showed the largest circulation gain in 1998?
C What percentage of Americans polled believe government should pass laws on how personal information is collected on the Internet?
C What percentage of the copies printed by People magazine are sold?
C What percentage of Princeton University's 734 professors are African American?
A How many foreign travelers visited Guyana in 1998?
L A recent poll found that just one country of 17 surveyed had a majority of people that were willing to pay more taxes to fund better services. Which country was it?
L Mexico is the leading source of illegal immigration to the United States. Which country ranks second?
A Thirty-nine states have raised the speed limit on at least some of their highways since 1995. How many of those states have shown statistically significant increases in fatalities as a result?
M If gas sells at $1.50 a gallon, how much does it cost to fill up a Ford Excursion SUV?
C What percentage of Americans pay the full amount due on their credit cards each month?
C What percentage of federal tax returns were filed electronically last year?
C What percentage of web pages worldwide are in English?
X What disease received the most research funding from the National Institutes of Health?
C What percentage of high school juniors spend less than an hour a day on homework?
A In how many states is execution by firing squad still an authorized method?
L In what county of Ireland did St. Patrick spend his retirement years?
X What is the favorite color of car owners today?
L Which country has the highest percentage of women elected to its national legislative body?
C What percentage of male professionals and managers in the U.S. work at least 50 hours per week and spend an additional four hours commuting?
C What percentage of Division I male college basketball players graduate within six years from the time they first enroll?
C What percentage of households with Internet access have cable modems or DSL connections?
A How many heart transplants are expected to be performed in the United States this year?
P In 1992, Ross Perot received the most votes by a third-party presidential candidate in 80 years. Which third-party candidate drew the most votes between the Depression years and 1992?
O Which organization or company spent the most money lobbying in New Jersey last year?
O Which HMO has the most enrollees in New Jersey?
C In 1960, what percentage of female high school graduates went on to college?
M What was the top salary last year for a staff lawyer at the ACLU in New York City?
X What is the most effective treatment today for bubonic plague?
C What percentage of banks in New Jersey offer some form of free checking?
O Entering tonight's game with Yale, the Princeton's men's basketball team has lost two straight to Penn and Yale. What is the last Ivy League team other than Penn or Yale to beat the Tigers twice in a row?
A How many hours did the average Internet user spend online at home during the month of January?
T In what year was the first America's Cup race held?
O What is the most popular out-of-state college among students from New Jersey?
C What percentage of acute care beds in New Jersey hospitals were occupied in 1998?
L Where is the largest science and research park in the United States?
O Since the 1980-81 season, which Ivy League men's basketball team has had the most Rookies of the Year?
C What percentage of people over the age of 80 suffer from some degree of dementia?
O Which U.S. corporation donates the most money to the arts and humanities?
L Which state has the lowest pupil-to-teacher ratio in its public schools?
O Which insurance company charges the most for a standard homeowners policy in Mercer County?
L What is the most expensive city in the world for business travelers?
O Which university web site draws the most unique visitors?
A How many times during the past 15 years has the Princeton men's basketball team lost more than 10 games in a season?
A What was Rubin "Hurricane" Carter's boxing record at the time he was charged with triple murder?
C What percentage of the world's prison population is incarcerated in American jails?
A How many men convicted of murder or rape in the United States have been freed because of new DNA evidence?
O What is the top-rated Cajun/Southern restaurant in New Jersey in the 2000 Zagat Survey?
L What is the most popular domestic travel destination for Americans?
L Which U.S. city is rated 'Most Wired' by Yahoo! Internet Life magazine?
T When was the last time the Dartmouth basketball team, Princeton's opponent tonight, won the Ivy League championship?
O Which casino in Atlantic City has the most slot machines?
C What percentage of Princeton undergraduates receive some financial aid from the university?
A How many different web sites did the average user of the Internet visit in December?
C What percentage of the $500 billion in tax cuts proposed by Sen. John McCain over the next 10 years would benefit the bottom three-fifths of American taxpayers?
L Which state among those with a single flat rate for all taxpayers has the lowest income tax?
A How many players from Brown University were first-team, all-Ivy basketball selections in the 1980s and 1990s?
X What was the most-watched television broadcast of all time?
X What is the world's busiest airport, measured by volume of cargo loaded and unloaded annually?
C What percentage of high school students in New Jersey reported having tried marijuana at least once?
M How much did the median net worth of U.S. households making $10,000 to $25,000 a year rise or fall between 1995 and 1998?
O Brown has the lowest winning percentage against Princeton among Ivy League basketball teams. Which team has the second worst record?
C What percentage of money raised by New Jersey's state legislative and party leaders for the November elections came from corporations, law firms and other non-voting entities?
A How many calories can you burn off by walking or running one mile?
X What is the most popular bachelor's degree program in New Jersey?
C What percentage of the typical retiree's income comes from Social Security?
C What is the Princeton University basketball team's all-time winning percentage against Catholic University, its opponent Monday night?
A How many Iraqi children have died as a result of U.S. economic sanctions against Iraq since 1990?
M How much will it cost per month to send a child born today to an Ivy League school in the year 2019, given annual tuition increases of 4.5 percent?
M How much has the inflation-adjusted income of the poorest one-fifth of New Jersey families changed over the past decade?
L Which European nation is expected to have the largest percentage increase in population over the next 50 years?
A What is the coldest temperature on record in New Brunswick?
L Which is the most active U.S. commercial port, measured in overall import and export tonnage?
L What is the best state in which to raise a child, according to the Children's Rights Council?
A What is the Ivy League women's basketball record for most three-point field goals in a game by one player?
A How many times had the chief prosecution witness in the trial of Mumia Abu-Jamal been arrested herself when she testified against him?
A About how many people in the United States die each year from the flu?
X Which major market in the United States has the highest Internet penetration?
P Who is the richest American under the age of 40?
X What stock performed best during 1999?
P Who has been the single largest contributor to Bill Bradley's political campaigns?
L Which of the nation's 100 largest cities has the highest maximum salary for teachers?
A Princeton University has played 34 basketball games at home against Lafayette College, its opponent Saturday night. How many of those games has Lafayette won?
C What percentage of newspapers in the U.S. say they are making a profit from their online site?
A How many display advertisements appear in print publications in North America each day?
P What was the most popular name for American baby girls in 1999?
L Which nation has the highest percentage of its population incarcerated?
C What percentage of people with a mental disorder seek professional counseling at some point during their lives?
O Which major U.S. airline had the lowest consumer complaint rate last year?
A What is the record-low temperature this century for New Year's Eve Day in New Brunswick?
T When was the last time the Princeton basketball team defeated Holy Cross, its opponent in Friday's game?
X What does foo-foo mean in "Caribbean English?"
L Which nation generates the most revenue from tourism?
T When is the last time an Ivy League basketball team other than Penn or Princeton won an NCAA tournament game?
T During what decade was Christmas first widely celebrated by Americans?
O Which Caribbean resort received the highest rating from readers of CondeNast Traveler magazine?
M What was the largest jury verdict awarded to an individual last year?
L What is the friendliest state in the U.S. for entrepreneurs?
A How many users are there worldwide on the Web?
D What is the record for most snowfall in a single December day in New Brunswick?
A In how many states is it legal to carry concealed weapons?
A How many ships were there in the U.S. Navy in the 1830s?
O Against which non-league opponent does the Princeton University basketball team have the highest all-time winning percentage? (Minimum 10 games)
L Which city generates the highest levels of sulphur dioxide in the world?
A What was the population of Princeton Borough when it became incorporated as a separate municipality in 1813?
A How many gallons of water are used to produce the chips in one computer?
O Who has the best pizza in the New Jersey according to the 2000 Zagat Survey?
P Who is the richest member of Congress?
M What is the cost of making New Jersey state agencies Y2K compliant?
C What is the Princeton men's basketball team's won-lost percentage against Rutgers over the past 20 years?
L What country is the most popular destination for college students studying abroad?
A How many e-mail messages does the average U.S. household send and receive per week?
O Which ski resort was named the best in North America by readers of Conde Nast Traveler magazine?
M How expensive would gas have to become, per gallon, before most consumers would be willing to trade in their current cars for more fuel-efficient models?
A How many prescriptions for anti-depressants were filled in the United States last year?
M How much are Salvadoran workers paid for each $198 Liz Claiborne jacket they sew?
P Which Ivy League basketball player scored the most points in a single game during the 1990s?
A What is the fuel capacity, in gallons, of the Battleship USS New Jersey?
C What percentage of European Internet users have access from their homes?
C What percentage of suicide attempts involving pills or poison is successful?
C What percentage of large U.S. companies reviews employee e-mail?
A How many Americans will have traveled 100 miles or more during the Thanksgiving weekend?
C What percentage of the discretionary funding in the federal budget goes to the Pentagon?
A What is the lowest single-game point total for a Princeton University basketball team in the last 20 years?
T What year did the Pilgrims have their first Thanksgiving feast?
C What percentage of Internet users have never purchased anything online?
X Which desktop computers have the best repair history according to a survey of Consumer Reports readers?
C What percentage of professors at Princeton University are black or Hispanic?
P Who is the top recording artist in Russia?
A The Princeton University football team has played 78 different opponents in its 130-year history. How many of those teams have a winning record against the Tigers?
A What is the lowest temperature ever recorded in November in New Brunswick?
X What is the most popular search query on Lycos?
A What is the best overall miles per gallon rating for a 2000 model sport utility vehicle?
X Which U.S. airport received the highest rating in Conde Nast Traveler magazine's 1999 Readers' Choice Awards?
C What percentage of the 389 top corporate CEOs who have made donations to the presidential election campaign have contributed to George W. Bush?
W Which primetime television program has the highest ratings this season?
T When was the last time either the Yale or Brown football teams, currently tied for first place in the Ivy League, won the league title outright?
M What was the median starting salary for journalism school graduates last year?
O Which pro sports franchise has the highest market value?
O Which restaurant in New Jersey serves the best brunch, according to the Zagat Survey?
C What percentage of federal employees received "unacceptable" performance ratings in 1996?
P Which actress has been in the most movies that have grossed more than $100 million?
P Who is the winningest football coach in Ivy League history?
A How many hours a week is the average truck driver on the road?
O Who is the most popular employer among college juniors and seniors?
L Which nation has the lowest suicide rate in Europe?
C What percentage of the tax breaks included in the Lazio-Condit minimum wage bill would go to the wealthiest 1 percent of taxpayers?
L Which county in New Jersey has the highest percentage of female arrests?
T During what decade did the Halloween custom come to America?
X What is the web surfer's No. 1 frustration with web sites?
A How many times in its 68 meetings with Princeton has Columbia, the Tigers' football opponent Saturday, scored more than 24 points?
C What percentage of high school graduates who come from homes with family income of less than $25,000 attend college?
R What is the average work week of an American father with children under 18 years of age?
M In 1980, political parties raised $19 million in "soft money." How much does Common Cause estimate will be raised in the 2000 elections?
L What is the most Internet-accessible city in the United States?
A How many U.S. newspapers are among the 20 most widely circulated dailies in the world?
T When is the last time either Princeton or Harvard has scored more than 28 points against each other?
C What percentage of the U.S. carbonated soft drink market is controlled by Coca-Cola, Pepsi-Cola and Dr. Pepper/Seven Up?
A There were 677 cases of gonorrhea reported in Trenton in 1998. How many cases were reported in the rest of Mercer County?
C In 1996, the wealth of the world's 447 billionaires was equal to that of what percentage of the world's least affluent population?
O Which of the following companies took the worst beating in the stock market last week?
A What is the coldest temperature ever recorded in New Brunswick in October?
A What is the Princeton University football team's post-World War II record for most consecutive losing seasons?
X Which sports utility van is considered the safest on the road by Money magazine?
W Which book is most commonly found on the shelves of libraries here and in other countries?
C What percentage of Americans with a household income of $75,000 or more use the Internet?
C What percentage of American women think they are "happier than their grandmother's generation?"
P What name has been the most popular among newborn boys in New Jersey for each of the past eight years?
C What percentage of employees say they surf the Web at work at least a few times a day?
O Which Ivy League university has the highest graduation rate for black students?
P Which quarterback holds the Ivy League record for most passing yardage in a single season?
T Over the past 35 years, when was defense spending, as a percentage of the total federal budget, at its lowest level?
O Which restaurant in the Princeton-Trenton-New Brunswick-Lambertville area had the highest overall rating for food, decor and service in the most recent Zagat Survey of restaurants?
L Which town has the highest per-capita income in Mercer, Middlesex, Somerset and Hunterdon counties?
C What percentage of Americans held college degrees in the early 1960s?
O Which hotel was rated the best in New York City by readers of Travel & Leisure magazine?
X Which letter in the Princeton-Suburban phone book has the most pages of listings?
O Neither Columbia nor Brown has won an Ivy League title in football in more than 20 years. Which team has the third-longest Ivy title drought?
C What percentage of stories aired on PBS during a sample two-week period dealt with international news?
A How many of the 18 U.S. presidents who served in the 20th century were graduated from Ivy League schools?
T When was the cannon on Princeton University's Cannon Green first brought to the campus?
D How far in miles does the typical mouthful of food travel from farm to consumer?
O Which Ivy League opponent has the Princeton University football team had the most success with during the 1990s?
C What percentage of Web shoppers who place something in their shopping carts complete their shopping transactions?
P Who founded Evelyn College for Women, which operated in Princeton in the latter part of the 19th century?
L Which city is the greatest distance from New York City?
T In what year was the new Woodrow Wilson School for International Studies at Princeton University dedicated?
L Which country has the highest life expectancy?
X Which soft drink has the most calories?
A How many times during the past 15 years has a Princeton University football player won the Ivy League Rookie of the Year award?
A Of the 20 top-rated television programs last week, how many were "news magazine" shows?
R In 1960, when the average male's life expectancy was 68, how many of those years were spent working?
W What was the top grossing Broadway show the first week of this month?
L Which town had the lowest crime rate in Middlesex, Mercer and Somerset counties in 1998?
X Of the 20 leading occupations for women, which is the highest paying?
M How much are U.S. federal, state and local agencies expected to spend this year to fight the war on drugs?
C What percentage of American adults who die leave taxable estates?
P Name two U.S. vice presidents who were born in New Jersey?
L Which nation's employees in the industrialized world put in the longest working hours?
L Which country has the highest recycling rate for glass?
L Which U.S. city had the most homicides last year?
L Which island was rated the favorite of Travel & Leisure readers in the magazine's annual "World Best Awards?"
L Which country has the world's largest underground economy?
O Which restaurant in Princeton received the highest composite score (food, service, decor) in the new Zagat Survey?
C What percentage of the corn crop in this country is genetically engineered?
T In what year was Nassau Hall first occupied?
A How many passengers did Delta bump in the first three months of this year?
M What was the average room rate for a hotel room in Manhattan during the first six months of this year? 
L Which country has the least amount of government interference in its economy?
X Which car has the highest retail resale value?
X Which search engine covers the largest percentage of Web pages?
C What percentage of jail inmates were using drugs or alcohol at the time of the offense for which they were incarcerated?
C What percentage of people watch less TV today than they did prior to the Internet?
A How many of the 18 freshmen defensive players listed on this fall's Princeton University football team weigh more than 240 pounds?
L Which country has the highest per-capita incidence of AIDS?
A How many U.S. presidents have visited the Morven mansion in Princeton?
A How many New Jersey residents have drinking water that comes from sources deemed "unsafe" for fishing or swimming?
D What is the record for the most rainfall in a single day in August in New Brunswick?
L Which country has the world's highest divorce rate?
T In what year was Route 206 in the Princetons completed?
L Which country has the most Internet users, per capita?
A During the past 25 years, what has been the average number of mass murder incidents in the U.S. each year?
C What percentage of the estimated 800 million pages that exist on the Web are pornographic?
C What percentage of residents in the Netherlands reported using marijuana during the "past month"?
W What's the best-selling paperback on the Publishers Weekly list?
L Which state consumes the most catfish?
D How far below normal are the water levels at the state's major reservoirs?
A There are 566 municipalities in New Jersey. How many were there in 1880?
T In what year did the number of acts of international terrorism peak?
C What percentage of men over the age of 75 who were polled in an AARP survey said that sexual activity was important to their overall quality of life?
O Which hospital in New Jersey has the lowest risk-adjusted mortality rate for coronary artery bypass surgery?
M What is the monetary cutoff for filing a damages claim in Small Claims Court in New Jersey?
L Which New Jersey county experienced the most population growth, in percentage terms, between July 1997 and July 1998?
O Which organization spent the most money on lobbying in New Jersey last year?
P What was the most popular name given to baby girls in England and Wales last year?
Y What is the median age of cars in the U.S.?
A What is the minimum eyesight requirement for obtaining a driver's license in New Jersey?
C What percentage of men visited a dentist in 1997?
A What is the coldest temperature ever recorded in New Brunswick in July?
X Which airport in Europe has the highest percentage of delayed departures?
A How many golf courses are owned and operated by the state of New Jersey?
X What is the most popular content area on newspaper web sites?
O Which public college in New Jersey will have the largest tuition increase in 1999-2000?
L Where was the deadliest hurricane in the United States this century?
A How many times does the average NYTimes.com user access the site each month?
P Who won the Yahoo! Online Music Award for "Best Official Artist Site?"
T What is the average life expectancy in Third World nations?
T In what year was the FitzRandolph Gate, the main entrance to the campus of Princeton University, erected?
L In what town is the most expensive apartment complex listed in a statewide apartment guide located?
X What was the debut event at Brendan Byrne Meadowlands Arena in 1981?
L Which country has the most soldiers and rebels under the age of 18?
C What percentage of employees say they would vote in favor of forming a union at their workplace?
O Which college or university raised the most money from alumni, corporations and private donors in 1997-98?
C What percentage of children could qualify as learning disabled under either the federal or state definitions?
L Which municipality in New Jersey had the largest percentage increase in population between 1990 and 1998?
L Which state has the nation's highest percentage of teen pregnancies ending in abortion?
A How many more, or fewer, people are living in abject poverty today than at the beginning of this decade?
A How many of the 29 magazine and newspaper Web sites included in min's New Media Report survey reported increases in page views from April to May?
A What is the warmest temperature ever recorded in New Brunswick?
A In how many Shore towns in New Jersey is access to all the beaches free?
C What percentage of immigrants who had been in the U.S. for at least 25 years owned their own homes in 1996?
C What percentage of high school girls surveyed agreed with the statement that people will be happier if they marry rather than stay single?
A How many states ban all fireworks?
P How much did the juvenile violent crime rate rise or fall between 1993 and 1997?
P Which Superior Court judge in Mercer, Middlesex, Somerset and Hunterdon counties had the most decisions overturned on appeal in 1998?
A How many Americans are bitten each year by dogs?
C What percentage of the 41,000 Americans killed in motor vehicle accidents in 1997 were male? 
C What percentage of Web users don't receive at least one spam e-mail message a week? 
M What is the maximum amount of damages you can recover in Small Claims Court in New Jersey?
X What is New York City's most prestigious coop apartment building? 
O Which was the most popular college choice among students from Princeton Day School, Class of 1999? 
A How many registered Internet domain names are there worldwide? 
C What percentage of Princeton High graduates will be attending Ivy League schools in the fall? 
A How many people are victimized by landmines each year? 
X Which is the most common reportable, communicable disease in New Jersey? 
O Rutgers is the most popular college choice among this year's graduates at West Windsor-Plainsboro High School. Which college is the runnerup? 
A How many nuclear weapons are there in the world today?
M What will the annual tuition be for New Jersey students attending Rutgers in 1999-2000? 
M How much does the average black American spend annually on lottery tickets? 
T When did New Jersey public television first go on the air? 
C What percentage of donations to colleges and universities comes from alumni? 
L Which nation's government is considered the least corrupt in the world? 
C What percentage of Major League baseball players are from the Caribbean or Latin America? 
O Which college will enroll the most students from The Lawrenceville School's Class of 1999 this fall?
C What percentage of federal prisoners are incarcerated for non-violent drug offenses?
L Which state has the highest per-pupil expenditure for public schools?
X Which national Internet news site has the largest audience share? 
X What is the official New Jersey state shell? 
A How many state police patrol the N.J. Turnpike? 
P Which living philanthropist has given the most money to charitable causes?
O Just days before Bill Bradley entered Princeton University as a freshman, he had intended to enroll at which university?
X What was the most frequently diagnosed and/or treated cancer at the Hunterdon Medical Center in 1997?
C What percentage of Americans think their financial situation is the same or better than it was last year?
X Which popular music act's single had the most radio air play in 1980? 
A How many casualties were there in the Battle of Verdun during World War I? 
A How many nations have been bombed by the U.S. military in the past eight months?
L Which country is projected to have the largest population in the year 2030? 
A What is the hottest temperature ever recorded in May in New Brunswick?
M For a family of four in New Jersey, what is the maximum amount of income that is exempt from the state income tax?
Y What is the median age at the time of marriage for grooms in New Jersey? 
X Which casino in Atlantic City generated the most gambling revenue during the past year? 
L Which is the youngest county in New Jersey? 
L Which state has the strictest disclosure laws for legislators? 
X What is the world's busiest airport, measured by number of passengers?
X Which golf resort was rated best in the world by Conde Nast Traveler readers? 
L Which state had the highest rate of bankruptcy filings last year? 
X What is the New Jersey state insect?
M What is the annual cost of membership to the Ivy Club, an eating club at Princeton University? 
L Which town in America has the most expensive housing? 
L Which country has the highest per-capita Internet usage? 
W What was the top renting video of 1998? 
X What is the most popular major among Princeton University sophomores?
C What percentage of the world's nations have a free press?
A In 1996, 9,390 Americans were murdered with handguns. How many Canadians were killed with firearms in that same year?
C What percentage of stocks and mutual funds is owned by the wealthiest 10 percent of households?
P Which U.S. president officially proclaimed Mother's Day a national holiday? 
M What was the largest one-year return on a stock mutual fund during the past year? 
A How many New Jersey residents have been diagnosed with HIV/AIDS? 
A How many countries in which citizens are not allowed to choose their leaders democratically received arms shipments from the U.S. government in 1997?
M What is the cost to airlines of the average food serving on a domestic flight?
L Which county in New Jersey has the smallest land area?
C What percentage of the members of the Princeton University class of 2002 were recruited athletes? 
C Among female retirees, what percentage of their income comes from personal savings? 
T In which year was the homicide rate in the United States the highest?
A How many men from Mercer County lost their lives in the Vietnam War?
C What percentage of daily newspaper readers in New Jersey read newspapers owned by either Gannett or Newhouse (Advance Publications)?
M How much will season tickets cost for the Princeton University football team's six home games this fall?
A In 1990, 931,000 sport utility vans were sold in the United States. How many were sold last year?
C What percentage of U.S. households are online? 
M What is the average salary of a full professor at Princeton University? 
C What are the odds of a child being killed by gun violence at school?
C On average, about how often is the air quality in New Jersey deemed "unhealthy" by the state Department of Environmental Protection?
O Which restaurant was rated the top "eclectic" in New Jersey by Zagat?
T When was the last time an American won the men's race in the Boston Marathon?
A How many Americans have smoked marijuana at some point in their lives?
A How many interchanges are there on the New Jersey Turnpike? 
L What is the most densely populated county in New Jersey. 
M What was the average starting salary for 1998 Princeton University graduates? 
P What is the most popular name for boys in New Jersey? 
M What was the average pay for CEOs at 365 of the largest companies in the nation last year?
L Which New Jersey county had the fewest fatal auto accidents in 1997?
D What is the record for most rain in a single spring day in New Brunswick?
C What percentage of voters in the top income quintile voted in the 1998 Congressional elections?
C What percentage of applicants who are accepted at Princeton University end up enrolling there?
C What percentage of males with college degrees work more than 50 hours a week?
L In which of the IRS's 33 districts are the odds of someone with a total income of more than $100,000 a year being audited the lowest?
C What percentage of persons entering U.S. prisons and jails have been sentenced for non-violent crimes?
T What is the earliest date in the year Easter has been celebrated during the past century? 
L Which school district in Mercer County has the highest median teacher salary? 
O Which college was rated "Most Wired" by Yahoo! magazine?
M How much are jurors paid for each day of service? 
C What percentage of radio stations in the U.S. have had a change in ownership during the past three years? 
M What was the average car insurance bill for New Jersey drivers in 1997? 
O Which company fared best in Business Week's 1999 "Performance Rankings"? 
R About how many years did it take for New Jersey's population to double from 4 million to approximately 8 million today? 
M How much did total spending in municipal elections in New Jersey increase or decrease between 1990 and 1997? 
A In how many different languages is the written driving test for a New Jersey license available? 
L What country is Kosovo's neighbor to the south?
A How many stocks were included in the original Dow Jones industrial average?
C What percentage of the revenue derived from the federal personal income tax in 1997 was paid by the wealthiest 1.5 percent of taxpayers? 
O Which New Jersey high school had the highest composite, top-quartile SAT score in 1997-98?
C What percentage of published studies about new drugs that are financially supported by the pharmaceutical industry comment favorably on the drug?
F Today marks the first day of spring, the vernal equinox. What is an equinox?
X What is the architectural style of the home Albert Einstein once lived in at 112 Mercer St., Princeton? 
X Which make of automobile has the most models included on Consumer Reports' "Used Cars To Avoid" list?
L Where was St. Patrick born?
D What is the March single-day record for most snowfall in New Brunswick?
C What percentage of households making under $10,000 a year have credit cards?
C What is the Princeton basketball team's all-time winning percentage against N.C. State, its opponent in Monday night's NIT game? 
L What was the fastest-growing county in New Jersey between July 1997 and July 1998? 
L Which school district in Mercer County has the highest per-pupil costs?
O Which hospital in New Jersey performed the most coronary artery bypass operations in 1996-97?
M Adjusted for inflation, how much has the average salary of a college professor risen or fallen during the past 25 years? 
A What is the record low temperature for a March day in New Brunswick? 
C What percentage of students polled at Princeton High School said they had never cheated on a test or quiz?
L Which county in New Jersey has the highest cancer rates? 
L Which state attracts the most overseas visitors? 
L Which school district had the highest HSPT scores in New Jersey in 1997-98?
M What is the annual salary of a major in the Army with 12 years of service? 
C What percentage of students at Penn and Columbia are either Asian or Jewish? 
X Which of the following reportable diseases was most common in New Jersey in 1997? 
A Bill Gates' net worth is equal to that of the combined total of how many Americans? 
O Which school has had the most individual Ivy League basketball scoring champions over the past three decades? 
X What sport results in the most emergency room visits? 
C What percentage of incumbents for U.S. House seats won re-election last fall? 
O Which is the nation's wealthiest foundation?
C What percentage of U.S. households own their own home?
T In what year was the first eating club built at Princeton University?
C What percentage of women report having had sexual relations with a person other than their spouse, while married?
L Which county in New Jersey has the most horses?
A How many police officers in New Jersey have been killed in the line of duty over the past 10 years?
R On average, women spend 15.6 hours per week on housework. How many hours do men devote to housework? 
C What percentage of 1997 female high school graduates enrolled in college? 
A What is the record high temperature for a February day in New Brunswick?
X How did St. Valentine, the holiday's namesake, die? 
M In 1996, the net worth of Gordon Wu, a Princeton alumnus who pledged a donation of $100 million to the university a few years ago, was $1.2 billion. What is his net worth today? 
C A study by a psychology student found that 30 percent of couples on the Princeton University campus were interracial. What percentage of those relationships involved whites and blacks? 
X Which New Jersey daily newspaper lost the most circulation, in percentage terms, between 1990 and 1998? 
C What percentage of the state's HMO market will Aetna U.S. Healthcare control if the Justice Department approves its purchase of Prudential Healthcare? 
O Which bank has the most branches in New Jersey? 
X Other than gym, what class do Princeton High School students cut most often? 
A How many U.S. stocks lost value in 1998? 
O Which New Jersey high school had the highest combined SAT scores in 1997-98? 
O Which Ivy League team has gone the longest without beating Princeton in basketball? 
C What percentage of milk and dairy products consumed in New Jersey is produced by New Jersey farmers? 
O Which U.S. air carrier had the lowest rate of consumer complaints lodged against it in 1998?
C What portion of the 10 percent federal tax cut proposed by Republicans would go to the wealthiest 10 percent of taxpayers? 
A How many domestic violence offenses were committed in New Jersey in 1997 by persons who had court restraining orders issued against them? 
A How many rail stations does NJ Transit operate? 
O Which Ivy League school charges the most for tuition and room and board? 
C What is the error rate of paper tax returns submitted to the IRS? 
L Where did Richard Stockton, the founder of the Stockton family in America, first settle after leaving England? 
O Which brand of big-screen TV (31-36 inch) has the worst repair history?
M How much money could you save each year if you carpooled to work, rather than driving alone, based on a 40-mile, round-trip daily commute and a car that gets 25 mpg?
M How much did the average, inflation-adjusted earnings of the bottom fifth of male workers increase or decrease between 1979 and 1996?
T When was the last time the Princeton University men's ice hockey team won the Ivy League title?
X What is the primary design element on the Princeton University Senior Jacket Committee's choice for the Class of '99 jacket?
P Who was the first popularly elected governor in New Jersey?
A What's the single-game Ivy League record for rebounding by one player?
C What percentage of college students reported engaging in binge drinking - consuming at least four drinks in a row - at least once during the two-week period prior to being surveyed?
T In what year was Alexander Hall on the Princeton University campus completed?
A How many municipalities are named "Washington" in New Jersey? 
A How many people have active real estate licenses in New Jersey? 
A How many millionaires were there in New Jersey in 1996? 
T In what year did McCarter officially become an independent theater? 
A How many times greater is the pay of the average CEO than that of the average worker? 
C What percentage of women in New Jersey 40 years and over have never had a mammogram? 
O What was the last Ivy League team other than Penn to beat Princeton in basketball? 
X Which automobile moving violation in New Jersey carries the most points?
A How many of the dozen people on the New Jersey State Police "12 Most Wanted" list are women?
C What percentage of candidates passed the New Jersey State Bar Exam in July 1998?
X Which stock had the best year in 1998?
D What is the largest amount of snow that has fallen in a single day in January in central Jersey?
L New Jersey's 566 municipalities are, on average, the smallest in the nation. Which state ranks second?
M How much did holiday-season retail sales increase this year over last in New Jersey?
C What percentage of drunken drivers involved in fatal accidents are chronic, problem drinkers?
W What was the top grossing movie of 1998? 
A How many states have a lower blood alcohol level standard for drunken driving than New Jersey?
T When is the last time the Princeton University men's basketball team lost three games in arow?
M What is the lowest rent for an apartment listed in an apartment shopper's guide for Mercer, Middlesex and Somerset counties?
P Who was the original owner of Prospect House on the Princeton University campus?
P What are the names of the Three Kings?
W Which popular Christmas song was actually written for Thanksgiving?
X What was the original name of the Hun School? 
X What are the odds of snow falling on Christmas Day in central Jersey?
C In 1996, what percentage of teen-age girls with a baby had a second child? 
M What is Gov. Christie Whitman's salary this year? 
O Which homeowners insurance company received the highest rating from subscribers to Consumer Reports? 
T In what year during the past 25 were the most murders committed in New Jersey? 
X Which war involved the largest number of American troops? 
X What is the earliest in the season that more than a half inch of snow has fallen in New Brunswick?
P Who was the largest contributor to the campaign of Carl Mayer of Princeton Township in the recent 6th District Congressional race?
C What percentage of foreign students enrolled in U.S. colleges and universities are from Asia?
C What percentage of the newly created jobs in New Jersey pay less than a living wage, defined as $37,931 for a family of four?
A What is the fewest points the Princeton University basketball team has allowed an opponent in a game since World War II?
A How many days was the N.J. State Senate in session last year? 
A How many Nike T-shirts does the average worker produce at the plant in San Bartolo, El Salvador, each day?
R What is the shortest interval this year in which the same Pick-3 lottery number won?
O Which restaurant listed in the 1998 Zagat survey received the lowest rating for decor?
A How many years this century have the Democrats controlled both houses of the state Legislature? 
D What is the U.S. record, in inches, for most snowfall in a single storm?
A What is the Princeton University basketball record for widest margin of victory in a game? 
A What was the population of U.S. prisons and jails in 1996? 
T When was Princeton Golf Club, later renamed Springdale Golf Club, formed? 
C What percentage of officers at the largest corporations are women? 
A How many flights were there last year at Newark Airport? 
C What percentage of motorists searched by the Maryland State Police on I-95 in 1996 were black? 
A How many snowstorms is the Farmer's Almanac predicting for this winter in New Jersey? 
T When is the last time the Princeton University basketball team lost to Monmouth University, its opponent on Saturday night? 
P Under what president did Thanksgiving begin to be celebrated the last Thursday of November?
C What percentage of graduates of the Princeton University Class of 1928 reported taking jobs in business soon after getting their degree?
P Who was the Baby Ruth candy bar named after?
Y Which age group in the U.S. has the highest suicide rate? 
O Which rock 'n' roll act organized the first Horde Festival eights years ago. 
A Since 1971, how many members of Congress have been convicted of crimes and gone to prison?
T When is the last time Lafayette, the Princeton University basketball team's opponent in tonight's season opener, lost to the Tigers by less than 15 points?
O Which New Jersey restaurant received the highest rating for service in the 1999 Zagat Survey?
O Which major U.S. air carrier received the most complaints about mishandled baggage during the first nine months of this year?
M What was the largest fine meted out by the state to a nursing home in New Jersey for violation of health regulations during the first six months of this year?
A How many times during the past 30 years has any team other than Princeton or Penn won the Ivy League basketball title?
C In 1976, the richest 10 percent of Americans owned 19 percent of U.S. assets. What percentage did the richest 10 percent own in 1996?
X Which of the 1997, four-door sedans has the highest trade-in value at 15,000 miles?
A How many degrees separated the average weekly temperature at the New Jersey weather monitoring stations reporting the highest and the lowest averages?
L Which county in New Jersey had the lowest estimated unemployment rate in September?
C What percentage of reported auto thefts in New Jersey result in arrests?
O Which Ivy League team has won the most championships in football? 
X Which category has the most listings in the Yellow Pages of the Princeton-Suburban Trenton phone book? 
O Which national chain of department stores received the highest overall rating from readers of Consumer Reports? 
A Of 163 countries surveyed, where did the U.S. rank in voter turnout in national legislative elections?
P Who holds the record for receiving the highest percentage of total votes cast in a New Jersey gubernatorial election?
L Which county in New Jersey had the lowest rate of assaults on police officers last year?
O Which Ivy League school has gone the longest without winning a championship in football?
C What was the lowest voter turnout for an election in Princeton Borough during the past 20 years? 
M How much did Princeton University President Harold Shapiro earn in salary and benefits in 1996-97?
A During the past few 50 years, there have been 10 state referendum questions asking voters to approve the sale of bonds for the acquisition of farmland and open space. How many times have the questions been defeated? 
C What percentage of families in New Jersey have three children or more under the age of 18?
X What is New Jersey's state tree?
T In what year was the Ivy League founded? 
A How many acres of farmland in New Jersey were abandoned last year due to crop damage caused by deer? 
C What percentage of Princeton High School students worked during the summer?
C What percentage of respondents to a PC Magazine Online poll said they typically begin their Web searches at either Yahoo! or Alta Vista?
C What percentage of registered voters in the 12th Congressional District are Republicans?
O Which stock has performed the best during the past 12 months?
M The federal minimum wage, $5.15 an hour, totals $10,712 a year. What is the poverty line for a family of three? 
A How many touchdown passes did former Princeton University quarterback Jason Garrett, now with the Dallas Cowboys, throw in his best year at Princeton?
C What percentage of Americans visited a library at least once last year?
L Which state has the highest incidence of Lyme Disease?
M How much has the monetary amount of the Nobel Prize increased over the past 10 years?
P Who said the following: "Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts."
M What was the median annual pay package for 1998 M.B.A. graduates from the top 25 business schools?
P Who made the largest-ever single donation of land to Princeton University?
A What is the Princeton University football team record for most consecutive games without a loss at home? 
A Princeton University freshman Kush Parmar is one of two Advanced Placement scholars invited to address an audience of educators next month in Orlando. On how many A.P. exams did he receive perfect scores? 
M What is the average monthly rent for a two-bedroom apartment in Middlesex, Somerset and Hunterdon counties?
P Name one of the top five contributors to Rep. Mike Pappas' re-election campaign?
A How many coffee trees are required to accommodate someone who drinks two cups of coffee a day for a year?
M How much has the value of Merrill Lynch stock fallen since its high in mid-July?
C What percentage of small businesses offers health care benefits to employees?
R During the past three decades, how many years have Republicans controlled the state Assembly in New Jersey?
A How many years has Newark Airport been in operation? 
O Which restaurant received the lowest rating for food in the 1998 Zagat Survey for New Jersey? 
C What percentage of consumer spending does the most affluent 20 percent of nations account for?
L In the Michelin Green Guide for New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, just one featured town in New Jersey, Cape May, received three stars. What was the only town to receive two stars?
X Which category of crime had the largest increase in arrests during the past decade in New Jersey?
X Which elective offices had the largest increase in campaign spending in New Jersey over the past decade? 
C What percentage of clothing apparel sold in Wal-Mart stores is made in the United States? 
X Which medical specialty has the most listings in the Yellow Pages of the phone book?
Y What age group accounted for the most fatal auto accidents in New Jersey last year?
A What is the Ivy League record for most points scored by one team in a game? 
L A statewide apartment hunters' guide lists about 170 complexes. In what town is the most expensive 1-bedroom apartment listed in the guide located?
X Which fast food sandwich has the most grams of fat?
D How tall is the shortest 300-pound-plus football player in the Ivy League?
O Which of the public high schools ranked among the top 25 in the state by New Jersey Monthly magazine had the largest graduating class? 
C What percentage of male managers and supervisors work 46 hours a week or longer?
L Which county in New Jersey has the least amount of surface water, measured in square miles?
O Which company in New Jersey was called "best for minorities" by Fortune magazine?
O Which Ivy League school pays its full professors the most?  
P Which writers have lived on College Road in Princeton?
C Median household income in the U.S. rose 6.3 percent between 1969 and 1996. How much did it increase for households above the median? 
D What is the record for most rainfall in a single day in New Brunswick? 
A How many states have a higher cancer mortality rate than New Jersey?
A During the past 10 years, 28 statewide referendum questions have appeared on the ballot. How many have been approved? 
C How much has crime risen, or fallen, in New Jersey's six largest cities over the past decade?
O Which airport had the highest percentage of delayed arriving flights in July?
P Which noted personality did NOT graduate from a high school in Mercer, Somerset or Middlesex County?
R What is the fastest scheduled time for a NJ Transit train from Princeton Junction to Penn Station in New York?
O Which of the company best weathered last week's stock market slide?
O Which state college in New Jersey had the largest percentage increase in tuition during the past 10 years?
P Which member of Congress from New Jersey received the lowest marks on the Public Interest Research Group's (PIRG) 1998 Report Card? 
A The Princeton University football team has played its three non-conference opponents for the upcoming season - Lehigh, Lafayette and Fordham - a total of 86 times. How many of those games has Princeton lost? 
O Which shopping mall in New Jersey has the most stores? 
L A state road sign on Nassau Street (Route 27), Princeton, lists three towns and the distances in miles to each of them. Two of the towns are Newark and New Brunswick. What is the third?
C What percentage of employers disclose 401(k) investment or administrative fees to their participants?
X What was Witherspoon Street in Princeton called in the early years of the 19th century?
L Which town in Mercer County had the highest average commuting time of residents in the last Census?
O Which Ivy League school did not make this year's U.S. News & World Report's Top 10 list of best universities in the nation? 
M How much did tobacco heiress Doris Duke of Hillsborough bequeath her dog Minni?
X Which is the final entry in the white page listings of the Princeton-Suburban Trenton phonebook?
L Which town in Mercer County had the most reported bias crimes last year?
L Which U.S. town has the highest elevation? 
O Which was the first of the Princeton University eating clubs to take up residence on Prospect Avenue?
X What is the state motto of New Jersey?
M What is the cost of a season ticket for the five Princeton University home football games this fall? 
O Which Princeton restaurant had the most improved ratings in the 1999 Zagat Survey? 
L Which county in New Jersey releases the most toxic chemicals into the air, water and land? 
L What town in Mercer County has the largest percentage of residents more than 65 years of age?
W Which book did Nobel Prize-winner Thomas Mann complete during his 2 1/2 years in Princeton?
R If the No. 600 NJ Transit bus is running on schedule, how long does it take to get from Forrestal Village in Plainsboro to the Trenton Rail Station if it leaves at 3:15 p.m.?
R How often is the Princeton Alumni Weekly published? 
P Who was the first governor to occupy Morven in Princeton under state ownership?
L Which town has the least amount of annual rainfall in New Jersey?
L Which municipality in Mercer County had the fewest number of reported domestic violence incidents in 1996?
X How did June Fletcher, Princeton University Class of 1973, gain national prominence?
L Which was the fastest-growing town in Mercer County between 1970 and 1994?
C What percentage of women responding to a Harris Poll question about the fairness of divorce property settlements responded, "I received too much."
X What is the English translation of Princeton University's motto: "Dei Sub Numine Viget"?
P Who persuaded Andrew Carnegie to finance the construction of a dam needed to create the 3.5-mile-long Carnegie Lake.
L Which region of the country has the highest gas prices?
M What's the difference in annual principal and interest between a 7 percent, 30-year, $100,000 fixed rate mortgage and an 8 percent mortgage of the same term and amount?
C During the 1990s, what percentage of all significant new drugs approved by the federal Food and Drug Administration have come from New Jersey?
L Where did Albert Einstein live in Princeton prior to moving to 112 Mercer St.?
P Prior to the completion of Nassau Hall in Princeton in 1756, the trustees of the college had voted to name it after which person?
O Which colleges and universities in New Jersey has the lowest percentage of females enrolled?
X What is the leading cause of death in the 25-44 year-old age group in New Jersey?
O What is the longest public golf course in New Jersey?
X At a Democratic campaign training session for New Jersey officials last week, a political media consultant told the audience to focus on the three "P's." What are they? 
O Which companies had the best stock market performance since Jan. 1?
A How many Ivy League football championships has Princeton University won outright in the past 30 years?
C What percentage of businesses surveyed in New Jersey said they believed high schools were doing an above-average job of preparing students for the workplace?
L Where did Princeton University hold its commencements during most of the 19th Century?
L Which of Mercer County's 13 municipalities has the population with the oldest median age?
A How many hotel rooms and suites are there in Somerset County? 
C When executives are fired, what percentage of the time is it for incompetence?
X What is the official state dinosaur of New Jersey? 
C What percentage of reported auto thefts in New Jersey results in arrests?
A How many people have been killed by earthquakes in New Jersey during the past 300 years?
O Which New Jersey restaurant received the highest rating for decor in the 1998 Zagat Survey?
A In a national housing affordability study of 75 cities and regions, where did Central Jersey rank? (75th is least affordable.) 
L Which New Jersey towns had the lowest percentage of blacks in the last Census count?
X Which categories have the most listings in the Princeton-Suburban Trenton Area phone book?
A How many vehicles are expected to travel on the Garden State Parkway over the three-day Fourth of July weekend?
C What percentage of Americans believe free trade agreements have a beneficial effect on salaries? 
T When was the last time Rep. Michael Pappas' Web site was updated, according to the site's home page? 
A On a scale of 0 to 4 - 4 being an A - what was the average GPA (grade point average) of humanities students at Princeton University between 1992 and 1997? 
T Muriel van Orden Jennings was the first alumna of the Princeton Theological Seminary. In what year did she graduate?
L Which New Jersey county had the lowest rate of assaults on municipal police officers in 1996?
A How many volumes were there in the Princeton University library at the time of the Civil War?
A What is the record for most goals by a team in a World Cup soccer match?
L Which municipality in New Jersey had the highest percentage of Asian residents in the last Census?
Y How old is the oldest player on the Somerset Patriots baseball team?
O Next to Rutgers, which college in New Jersey has the largest enrollment? 
P What former presidents of Princeton University were not graduates of Yale? 
P Which New Jersey native has had the most No. 1 records?
X Route 206 is known by four different names in Montgomery and Princeton. Which of the four does not appear on any of the street signs along Route 206?
O Which Ivy League school had the highest minority enrollment among freshmen in 1995?
X Which of the 1990, four-door sedans with 80,000 miles on it has the highest resale value in the Princeton area?
P What was the most popular name for baby girls last year in New Jersey?
O Eighteen members of the Princeton High School graduating class will be attending Rutgers in the fall. Which New Jersey college ranks second in the number of incoming freshmen from PHS? 
C What percentage of the people arrested for drunken driving in New Jersey in 1996 were women? 
A How many of the Lawrenceville School's 204 graduating seniors will be attending Ivy League colleges next fall? 
L What town has the lowest Zip Code number in New Jersey? 
A When the Princeton Theological Seminary opened in 1812, how many students did it enroll?
L Which town in New Jersey had the highest median family income in the last Census?
A Princeton University lacrosse teams have won five national championships in the 1990s. How many Ivy League titles did they win during the 1970s and 1980s?
P The first two scholars appointed as professors at the Institute for Advanced Study were Albert Einstein and whom?
M How much did Carl Mayer spend per vote in Tuesday's Democratic primary in the 12th Congressional District? 
X Which presidential election between 1824 and 1996 had the most lopsided popular vote in New Jersey?
O Which restaurants in Princeton received the highest rating for service in the 1998 Zagat Survey of New Jersey restaurants?
M How much did Princeton University pay for the 825-acre Forrestal tract and the 16 laboratory buildings that were housed on it?
P Who was the youngest person ever elected to serve as president of Princeton University? 
P Who was the only Republican to carry the 15th District in a statewide, presidential or U.S. Senate race in the past five years? 
T What was the peak year for violent crime in New Jersey over the past 30 years? 
C What percentage of tolls collected on the New Jersey Turnpike is generated by out-of-state traffic? 
C What was the percentage change in total compensation for CEOs of small firms - sales less than $15 million - in 1996? 
L Other than the U.S. and Canada, which country has the most students represented on the undergraduate student body at Princeton University. 
O Who is the largest private employer in Mercer County? 
L There are 15 towns called Princeton in the United States. Which Princeton has the largest population?
A How many American soldiers died on the battlefield during World Wars I and II, the Korean Conflict and the Vietnam War?
R During an average year, how many days are there with some precipitation - rain or snow - in New Jersey? 
P In the early part of the 20th Century, who was the occupant of the Lower Pyne Building, now occupied by Hamilton Jewelers, at the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon streets in Princeton Borough?
M What is the fine for exceeding the new 65 mph speed limit, which takes effect on 475 miles of controlled-access highways in New Jersey Tuesday, by 1 to 9 mph? 
M What is the cost per week of sending a son or daughter to Princeton University? 
C What percentage of companies in New Jersey pick up between 91 and 100 percent of the health care tab for employees' family coverage? 
C What percentage of American women polled reported having had extramarital sex within the past year? 
C What percentage of Princeton High School students polled said they thought the decision to lengthen the school day by 24 minutes this year was an "excellent" one? 
L Which county in New Jersey has the largest farms, measured in average acres per farm? 
O Princeton University is the largest taxpayer in Princeton Township. Who is second?
O In percentage terms, which newspaper in New Jersey lost the most daily circulation between 1990 and 1997? 
L What town had the most expensive housing in New Jersey in 1996? 
O Which eating club at Princeton University has the highest percentage of members that have tried marijuana? 
P Smith is the most frequently listed name in the Princeton-Suburban Trenton Area phonebook. What is the second most common name? 
O Which restaurant was rated the favorite in New Jersey in the 1998 Zagat Survey?
L Which town in central Jersey has the largest population?
L New Jersey continues to have the highest auto insurance rates in the nation, with an average premium of $1,259 in 1996. Which state has the lowest rates?
A If the stock market fell as far tomorrow as it did between 1929 and 1932, what would the Dow Jones Index be, based on Friday's close of 9,147? 
T During what decade in the 20th Century was the rate of growth in the New Jersey state budget the greatest? 
A Of the 1,087 members of the newly graduated Princeton University Class of 1996 responding to a survey, 71 said they planned to pursue studies in medicine. How many said they planned to attend graduate school for business?
X New Jersey's cancer rates are higher than the national averages for virtually every major type of cancer. Among white males in New Jersey, there is one exception. What is it?
L Since 1840, Essex County has been the most populous county in New Jersey in every Census count but 1900, 1910 and 1990. Which county had the largest population in 1800 and 1820?
L Which school district in Mercer, Middlesex, Somerset and Hunterdon counties had the lowest voter turnout in last week's school electons?
L Which state was the speaker referring to in the following quote? "We have a world-class transportation system in our state." 
L Which town had the third lowest overall crime rate but the second highest violent crime rate among suburban municipalities in Mercer, Middlesex and Somerset counties in 1996?
P What corporate CEO received the most compensation between 1995 and 1997?
C What percentage of Princeton University students polled by the student newspaper reported having had sexual intercourse "in their lifetime?"
L Which town in central Jersey is the largest geographically?
X Why has the dollar weakened against the yen?
X How is I.Q. tested?
L Where is the St. Herman of Alaska Brotherhood located?
L Where was the 1968 summer olympics held?
X What Apollo mission was the first to circle the moon?
X What are the symptoms of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?
P Who wrote the once and future king?
P Who is the first president of Turkey?
F What was the Second Great Awakening in religious history?
P Who was the seventeenth president of the United States?
X What virus spread in U.S. in 1968?
R What is the life span of a white tailed deer?
X What is ritialin made from?
A At what intensity does the human eye stop seeing light?
X What kind of tanks does Israel have?
X What are side effects of Claritin?
X What is the relationship of tv/computers and teen weightloss?
C What percentage of residential phones have call screening devices?
A How many farmers are there in the U.S. today?
F What is magnet therapy?
W What are some model railroad magazines?
P Who is Douglas Stuart?
M How much does Canada spend on NATO?
P Who is Matthew Hopkins?
F What is a felt maker called?
F Who is Harrison Ford?
B What is the ESA?
P Who is the world's number one golfer?
X What are some traditional anniversary gifts?
P Who wrote the poem called "Trees"?
M What is the cost of an ultralight plane in New Zealand?
X What route did Lewis and Clark take going west in 1804?
B What does FTP stand for?
X What is the best way to propagate rosemary?
M What is the average salary of a MCSE in Australia?
X What happened on January 29th, 1954?
A What is the average Body Mass Index (BMI) for teenage girls?
P Who was the eighth president of the United States?
X What does a buffalo look like?
F What is Ralph Steadman best known for?
A What is the average temperature in Tokyo?
C What percentage of the United States is mormon?
A How many people survived the Titanic?
X What are some ingredients for beef brisket?
F Who is Dionysius?
P Who wrote Oliver, the musical?
A How many Catholic churches are there in South Dakota?
X What sport do the Buffalo Bills play?
B What is MS DOS?
L Where can I go to renew my United Kingdom passport?
A How many Appollo missions have there been?
X What is a sound sampler?
W What plays did William Mastrosimone write? 
P Who is the king of Belgium?
C What percentage of Amsterdam uses drugs?
F Who is Charles Chaplin?
X What are the symptoms of Candida Albicans? 
X What tools are used for electrolysis?
F What is sleep apnea?
L Where is Cuchulainn?
Y How old is the Pope?
F What is Huntington's chorea?
T When was the Yom Kipur War in Israel?
T When was the first silver dollar made?
F What is Tourette's syndrome?
A What is the population of Iowa?
F Who is James Taylor?
A How many calories are in a strawberry?
X What is the smallest fish?
X What are pins on computer hard drives?
F Who is Robert McCloskey?
F Who is Pierre Curie?
A What was the population of the United States in 1968?
P Who discovered pyroelectricity?
P Who was the father of rocketry? 
L Where is Naples, Italy?
L What country causes the most pollution? 
X What are the symptoms of poisoning in a child? 
X What were the treatments for arsenic poisoning in the 1840's?
X What are some native amercian customs and rituals? 
L Where were the Kiowa Indians located? 
A How many cities are there in Poland?
P Who wrote the book, "Brave New World"?
T When was J. Crew founded?
F What is U2's latest album?
X What do Eastern Orthodox women wear? 
P Who is the president of El Salvador? 
L Where is the Saguaro National Monument? 
A What is the population of Sydney?
T When did Ben Franklin invent bifocals?
F What is a steel mill?
M What is the cost of living in New Orleans? 
P Who is the actress that plays Dilann on Babylon 5?
A How many arabian horses are there in the United States? 
X What horse has won the most prize money in racing?
X What is the world's largest building?
X What diseases are tingling sensations in the limbs a symptom of?
L Where is James Cook University? 
X What is the name of the japenese stock market? 
F What are supernovas?
X What should I feed an llama?
L Where were the 1998 Olympics?
L What is the capital of Canada?
X What are the effects of corrosion on the Eiffel Tower? 
P Who is a famous ballad writing poet? 
L What is the capital of Ghana?
M How much does a Pentium II 233 MHz processor cost?
A How many rich people live in the US?
X What pills can you take to stop smoking?
P Who invented science fiction?
F Who is Mary Poppins?
P Who is the author of "Stranger in a Strange Land"?
F Who is Maya Angelou?
M What is the average salary of a librarian?
A How many calories are in one cup of skim milk?
F What is a grenade?
L Where is Bergen Beach?
A How fast do bullets travel?
L Where is New York's 63rd precinct? 
M What are car prices in Holland?
A How many people are there in the Senate?
T What year was golf invented?
F What are black holes?
F What is the Bermuda Triangle?
F What is Stonehenge?
A How many square meters are in one acre?
F Who is Bigfoot?
Y At what age can I draw money out of a roth IRA?
F What is an optical illusion?
X What is the tallest mountain in the world?
X What did women wear during the American Revolution?
X How does mold grow?
X What does 20/20 vision mean?
X What is the climate like in Michigan?
X What kind of treatments are there for severe neck pain?
C What percentage of children living in poverty in Minnesota are Hispanic? 
A How many natural disasters were there in the United States in 1997?
X What are the hunting seasons in Pennsylvania?
P Who is the bishop of the diocese of Northern California? 
X What did Franklin D. Roosevelt do for the people in 1940?
F What are tendons?
P Who ran for president of the United States in 1940?
F What is criminology? 
C What is the unemployment rate in France?
P Who ran for governor of Minnesota in the 1998 general election?
C What is the unemployment insurance rate for the State of Georgia? 
X What does presidential censure entail? 
X How do you determine if a year is a leap year? 
F How do I define a music ontology? 
M How much do commercial jets sell for?
L What city is the phone number 651-578-3070 located in?
X What is interesting to visit in Frankfurt?
W What was the Academy Award best picture in 1971?
P Who was the Grammy winner for best album in 1970?
B What does ASTM stand for?
M What was the price of gold in 1950?
X What are some side effects from getting a flu shot?
A What is the latitude of Rochester, New York?
P Which president is on the five dollar bill?
X What was the top K-12 school in the US in 1997?
X What was the fastest living organism that ever existed in the history of the Earth?
L Where is Wal-Mart headquarters?
X What are the chemical properties of the metal gold?
O Which organizations are opposed to horror films?
Y What is the legal age of consent?
F What is narcolepsy?
B What does ISP stand for?
P Who was the first prime minister of Britain?
X What is the nutritional value of oysters?
X What is the real name of writer, Domini Taylor?
A How many endangered species are there in the world?
D How far is New Delhi from Seattle?
O What is the most popular ski resort in the United States?
P Who was the President of the United States in 1998?
T When did the Internet begin?
P Who is the Austrailian Prime Minister?
L Where is the University of Shephard?
X What are the the names of the three time zones in the United States?
X What is Denmark famous for?
P Who did Ridick Bowe refuse to fight?
P Who was elected mayor of Paris 1791?
F What is netiquette?
F What is the definition of molecular ovality?
P Who gave the opening speech at the 1992 Democratic National Convention?
A How many people received speeding tickets in 1998?
M What is the average cost of renting a house in Clinton, MA?
X What is the furthest planet from the Earth?
L Where is the American Lung Association of Minnesota?
X What are the newspapers that have web pages in Laramie, Wyoming?
P Who wrote "A Clockwork Orange"?
F What is a tennis elbow?
X What is the best non-chemotherapy cure for a lymphoma? 
O What are the seven sister colleges?
X Name some causes of rashes on babies' cheeks.
A What is the phone number for the Bancroft Library at the University of California at Berkeley?
P Who invented the battery?
T When was the battery invented?
F What does the prefix cata mean in the English language?
M What is the market value of a beanie baby?
X How does alcohol affect the brain?
X What is the most popular breakfast food?
P Who said, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself"?
F What is source code?
B What is the CIA?
F Who is Homer Simpson?
T When did James Madison die?
F Who is Phillis Wheatley?
X What role did Patrick Henry play in the Constitutional Convention?
A How old was Mercy Otis Warren during the Constitutional Convention?
X What are the harmful effects of epherdrine?
X Who are Chicago's top-rated ISPs?
D How high is Mount Everest?
R What is the age range for "generation X" people?
T When were the riots in Sri Lanka?
C What percentage of email clients are HTML-enabled?
O What car company makes the Lincon Continental?
X Name a food that contains melatonin.
L Where is the Washington DC National Airport located?
X What immunizations do I need in order to travel to India?
T When was the Battle of Hastings?
X What motels in Utah allow pets?
A What is the area code for Portland,OR?
L Where did the band Silverchair originate from?
A How many potatoes can fit in a wheelbarrow?
T When did tickets for the 1998 World Series go on sale?
O Where can I buy Cole Hahn shoes in New York City?
Y How old was Selena when she died?
X What causes diabetes?
M How much does it cost to rent a car in Sweden?
X What is the second planet in our Solar System?
X What is the safest American car made today?
Y How old was Jack Kennedy when he was elected President?
A How many employees are employed by Microsoft?
P Who directed the film "Straw Dogs"?
L Where is the world's largest roller coaster?
L What countries made up the former USSR?
W What was the first album that Michael Jackson released after his million dollar album, "Thriller"?
L What city is the zip code 90812?
P Who is the main actor in "The Truman Show"?
D What is the distance from Regina, Saskatchewan to Winnipeg, Manitoba? 
X Why is Jean Arp a famous painter?
X Name a blood disorder that can cause bruising.
F Who is Arthur Miller?
A How many different kinds of doves are there?
M How much does it cost to build an intranet?
M How much do public schools spend per student?
X What is the name of Presient Clinton's dog?
P Who was the wife of the 15th president of the United States? 
M How much did a movie ticket cost in 1966?
D What is the distance to the moon?
A How many people died in the Vietnam War?
F What is a myth?
O What football team does quarterback Steve Young play for?
P Who is the richest man alive?
A What temperature should merot wine be served at?
X What is the function of the spleen?
A How much does one gallon of water weigh?
P Who were the British Prime Ministers under King George V?
P What were the names of the government agents that were killed in Waco, TX in 1993?
X What is the punishment for underage drinking in Maryland?
F What does nonpartisan mean?
L Where is the FBI headquarters located?
X What North American river flows uphill?
W Name a play written by William Shakespeare.
M How much do surgeons get paid?
P Who invented the toaster?
T When was the first toaster invented?
P Who assassinated John F. Kennedy?
P Who started the Carnegie Mellon architecture program?
F What is plasma?
L Where is the Statue of Liberty?
O What are the most popular radio stations in London?
B What does NASA stand for?
P Who is the president of Russia?
X What is one University in Turkey?
M What is the cost of a UK Television license?
L Where is the California Institute of the Arts?
P Who was the first player traded to the Minnesota Twins during the baseball strike of 1994?
W What is Lenny Kravitz's favorite song by Jimi Hendrix?
X What kind of car does Jeff Gordon drive?
O Who are the leading manufactures of cranes?
M What is the salary of an armor truck employee? 
D What is the distance between Milwaukee and Pittsburgh? 
M How much does a drilling rig cost? 
X How do I treat a common wart?
X What effect does lithium have on sea urchin development?
L In what country is the Nile River located?
L Where is the highest waterfall in the world?
W What tv show was the young Marilyn Manson on?
X What are some ingredients for a pastrami sandwhich?
X What planet did the Odyssey space probe fly by?
A What is the population of Omaha, Neb.?
O Name one company that offers digital telephone service.
X What are some Australian slang words?
L What is the capital of Argentina?
X What magazine compares consumer products?
X What is the most used letter in the alphabet?
X What color is the knife in the movie, "Scream"?
X What are some causes of depression?
A How many people live in the country of Japan?
P Who was the President of the US when televisions were invented?
P What is the name of one Hispanic poet?
R How often do you have to rotate tires?
A What is the cruise speed for a Cessna Skymaster?
A How many golf courses are there in Acapulco, Mexico?
P Who was the youngest graduate of a University ever?
X What are some of the chemicals in hair dye?
O Which Australian News channel has the highest ratings? 
A What is the wing speed velocity of an African sparrow?
T When did the popular food chain, Wendy's, first open?
X What are the stages of a developing egg?
X What are the symptoms of a gallbladder attack? 
X What were the treatments used for curing smallpox in the 1800's? 
X What happens when you evaporate sodium nitrate in water?
M What is the net worth of the NFL Eagles?
P Who directed the movie, "Undertow"?
P Which US supreme court justice said that no citizen should pay one penny more in taxes than necessary?
F What is a joint venture?
X What is the new area code for Minneapolis?
X What is the Earth's core made of?
A How many bones are there in the human body?
A How many students are enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin?
X What kind of food do wild bird's eat?
D How long is the Nile River?
R How long does it take to bake a potato?
A How many earthquakes occurred in Washington state in 1995?
A What is the air speed of a SR71 Blackbird? 
Y How old was Ronald Reagan when he was elected president of the US?
W What new movie stars Julia Roberts as a stepmother and a model?
A How many points does it take to get a drivers license suspended? 
A How many registered voters are there in America? 
T When was the first video game invented?
T When did Richard Nixon die?
T What year was John F. Kennedy killed? 
X What animal did Hannibal use to fight against Rome? 
Y How old did Winston Churchill live to be?
X What does Ontario law say regarding a tenant with a pet?
M How much money are old Mad Magazines worth?
A What is the average number of steps taken after running a mile?
F What are golden rectangles?
A How many bones are there in the human foot?
A How many countries are part of the United Nations?
X What day of the week did March 23, 1941 fall on?
A How many hours of sleep is recommended every night?
X What is catnip made of?
P Who are the most popular anime characters in Japan?
W What is the name of a book written by Samuel Clemens?
X What is the medication Eluxin used for? 
X What is the most common mineral?
X What are soft contact lenses made of?
X What were the conditions of the homefront in England during World War Two?
X What is the most common disease of the skin?
P Which player has hit the most homeruns in Major League Baseball?
A How many counties are there in Houston, Texas?
X What is flax made into after it is harvested? 
A How many people live in New York?
X What are some signs that a woman might be pregnant?
R How long does it take to boil an egg?
M What is the average income in North Adams, MA? 
X When would a squid need to change colors?
X How much education does someone need in order to become a plumber?
P Who invented the knife?
X What sort of sports did the Aztecs play?
X What day was November the ninth in the year 1995?
X What did Alexander Galt have to do with the confederation? 
D How long is the world's longest limousine?
O Who won the 1967 NLF championship game?
P Who paid the most for an NFL tem in 1994?
P In the comic strip "Doonesbury," who is the daughter of Boopsie and BD? 
M How much does a copyright cost in Canada?
W What was the first movie that Racquel Welch was in?
X What is gelatin made of?
P Who was Miss America in 1988?
X Why are anti-lock brakes a safety feature?
T When were anti-lock brakes invented?
A How many wives did Kubla Khan have? 
F What is a stratus cloud? 
P Who said: "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step"?
F What is an acropolis? 
A How many soldiers died in the Civil War?
A How much does the moon weigh?
A What is the retirement age of a schoolteacher?
X How did the banana split originate?
X What are the different parts of wheat?
F What is the second amendment in the US constitution?
X What was the first commercial use of computers? 
O What is a nonprofit agency for interracial families? 
P Who is the governor of Hawaii? 
A How many miles per hour is 1 knott?
X What is the name of the largest zoo in the United States?
A How many branches of McDonalds Restaurants are there in the UK?
X What are the most popular crimes committed by juveniles?
T When were airbags invented?
X What is the country code for the UK when calling from the US?
L Where did grafitti originate from? 
X How does the National Endowment for the Arts recieve funding? 
X What is the latest medication used for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis? 
X What herbs can increase my circulation? 
X What is the longest river in the United States?
O What company makes the drink Orangina?
D What is the diameter size of a golf ball? 
L Where is the Oakland airport?
O Name one sports team (basketball, hockey, baseball, football, etc.) that is from New York.
X What are the US states that have the word "Island" in their name?
F What is a coeducational college? 
P Who served with the Ninth Marines between 1967 to 1968?
X What is the leading cause of death for motorcylclists? 
A How many albums have Insane Clown Posse made?
X How do I find my IP address?
X What instrument does Cedar Walton play? 
Y How old is the United States? 
M What is the value, in dollars, of a 1993 Chevrolet Blazer?
F What is endometrosis? 
X What is the resaon that men's shirts button the opposite way of women's shirts? 
P What nascar driver was sponsored by underalls? 
O What company makes candy that have insects inside of it?
X Which star is the brightest?
X Name one food that contains zinc.
A What is the maximum recommended temperature for videotapes? 
A In the last year, how many police officers were shot with their own gun?
A How many group homes are there in Minnesota?
X What are the long term effects of cocaine use?
X What type of clothing did the Navajo Indians wear? 
X What is the Lutheran philosophy on being a good servant?
X What is the Latin word for Friend? 
X What is a life threatening food allergy?
X What purpose does the oxygen sensor in my car serve?
L Where can I go whale watching in California?
X How does regeneration in starfish occur?
P Who was Britain's first Prime Minister?
A How many bones does a squirrel have?
A What is the average temperature in San Francisco, California?
P Who was Gerald Ford's Vice President?
P Who correctly theorized that mosquitoes cause yellow fever? 
P Who invented the paperclip? 
P Who invented the pencil? 
F What is a provisional patent? 
X What are the top preventive ways to avoid heart attack? 
X How do you remove water stains from yellow pine wood?
X What colleges in Michigan offer a master's degree in teaching writing? 
F What is a software watchdog? 
X What is the best Chemical Engineering School in the United States? 
X Who decides whether music contains explicit lyrics and needs a parent advisory label? 
M How much does a Besson Tenor trombone cost?
T What year were Egyptian hieroglyphics invented?
L Where in the United States is there the most violence committed by teens?
O What is a company that makes products for the semiconductor industry?
M How much does a dental crown cost?
X Why are storm clouds black?
X Of all the planets in the solar system, which is the hottest? 
P Who had the longest field goal kick before Tom Dempsey?
M What is the cost of living in Asheville, NC? 
M How much would it cost to fly to Ireland from New York?
X Who invented the richter scale and what is it used for? 
F What is the Universal Declaration of Human Rights? 
R How long does marijuana stay in your system? 
W Name one scary ghost movie.
X What object is the only extragalactic star-forming nebula that can be seen with unaidedeye?
O Which commercial airline has the biggest seats? 
P What is the name of at least one woman in the World Wrestling Federation?
R How long was John Seiberling in Congress?
P What is the name of the current Miss America?
P Name one 17th century Dutch painter.
T When was the Canadian Privacy Act passed?
A How much does a Jack Russell Terrier weigh?
X How is a unicorn different from a horse?
L Where is the Eifel Tower? 
P Who discovered oil in Pennsylvania? 
Y What will be the average age of laborers in 2006?
X What are some high fiber foods?
L What country is the University of Queensland located in?
F What are urban legends?
O What is the name of at least one Pharmaceutical Benefit Management Company?
W What was the name of the first feature film that was ever made?
W What was the name of the television show that Eric Stolz was in?
A How many people attend universities in France?
A How many different words do the Eskimos have for the word snow?
X What kinds of foods are made with flax?
O What is a company that makes customized dolls?
X What is the medical term for "lazy eye"?
P Who does the voice of Tony the Tiger?
X What is the top design school in New York?
X What is fingernail polish made out of?
L Where was Nicholas Evans, the author of "The Horse Whisperer," born?
F What are radioactive minerals? 
X What are examples of some radioactive minerals? 
X What is the tallest tree in the world?
P Who is the smartest person in the world?
L Where can I rent ski equipment in New York?
P Who wrote the arcade game name "Time Pilot"?
P Who is the most famous arcade game programmer?
X What holidays are in November? 
X In the fall, what do I need to cover strawberries in order to protect them?
T What time does the New York Stock Exchange close?
O What company makes mini DIN plug connectors? 
X What is the name of the oldest jail in Pennsylvania?
P Name a host from MTV's show, "The Grind."
X What are some animals that are unique to Australia?
Y How old do you have to be in order to work in California?
T What year was Julio Iglesias born?
X What are some last minute halloween costumes for teenagers? 
X In what county is Berkeley, CA? 
A How many countries are there in the world? 
P Who composed the 1812 overture? 
X What is the real name of the bad news bears theme? 
X What were Pennsylvania's winning lottery numbers for Oct 24, 1998? 
F Who is Lynne E. Wilzbacher in Minnesota?
F What is the libertarian social security plan? 
X What day does Thanksgiving fall on this year?
W What chemicals are in Slate? 
Y What is the drinking age in Canada?
P Who is the director of 1998's "Doctor Dolittle"?
A How many people died at the Alamo? 
X What is the best school of chemical engineering in the United States? 
M What is the average pc technician salary in phoenix?
Y How old is the Empire State building in New York? 
L What city is Duquesne University in? 
Y How old was Jesus when he was killed? 
X What causes teeth infections in rodents? 
W What common household products remove stains? 
W What is the nutritional value of an apple?
P Name a state governor from 1962.
P Who has had the most wives known in history?
X What is the main reason people are discharged early from military service?
X What is the Latin word for "yes"?
P What is the name of the woman who gave birth live on the Internet? 
P Who discovered copper?
A What is the 1998 world population of bald eagles?
P Who painted the Sistine Chapel?
P Who designed the Statue of Liberty?
L Where in the world is there the most water pollution?
F What is prolactin? 
X What bowel problems are associated with diabetes? 
A How many long distance carriers are there?
A How many bones are in the human ribcage? 
P Who is madonna's first husband? 
X What is known to be a successful treatment for lung cancer? 
X What was the reason Nova Xcotia didn't become the 14th colony?
P Who was the first Australian Prime Minister? 
P Who was the first person to climb Mt. Everest? 
B What does D.O.C.W.R.A. stand for? 
W Which paintings by David Teniers are in Ashmolean?
F What is a black box?
O What company produced the first video recorder put into use?
X What prescription medication can cause numbness in the face? 
X What scholarships are available for PhD students in Europe? 
M How much does uranium cost? 
X What is the world's most dangerous job?
A How many glasses of water should I drink each day? 
M What is the average hotel price in Sao Paulo Brazil? 
T When will Microsoft Office 2000 be released? 
X Where are my kidneys located?
A How much does a dollar bill weigh?
A How many bridges cross the missisippi river?
X How do I preserve a carved pumpkin? 
W What are some of the benefits from eating chocolate?
X Why does the South Carolina state flag have a crescent moon on it? 
Y What is the average age that people get married?
F Who is Helen of Troy?
X Why do Jehovah's Witnesses not take blood transfusions?
X How do you cure enuresis? 
L Where can I go paragliding in the San Francisco Bay Area?
A What is the ratio of males to females in the United States? 
R How long does it take to repair the lungs after giving up smoking? 
D How big is Donald Trump's yacht "The Trump Princess"? 
F What is Wolfe's Law?
M What is the average amount of money that a man carries in his wallet?
A What is the water temperature in Florida in November? 
L What U.S. state contains the counties of Macon and Bacon? 
F What is counterculture?
X What type of halloween candy was purchased the most in 1997?
T What date will the moon be closest to earth in 1998?
A How many different kinds of plants are there?
X Name a plant that grows underwater.
L What country has the northernmost capital in the world? 
X What is the main part of a plant called?
F Who was Thomas Hobbes?
X What are the four food groups?
P Who was the first woman to fly a helicopter indoors? 
X What is the fastest aircraft in the world? 
X How do I use a retort in chemistry? 
A How many different colors of lipstick are there?
C What is the percentage of teenage drug users? 
D How far is it from New York City to Providence, Rhode Island?
X How does a reverse osmosis water filter work? 
A How many times has a drag chute been deployed in a shuttle landing?
M How much does auto insurance cost for a guy in his late teens?
X What is the medical term for a charlie horse? 
A How many space flights have there been in U.S.? 
X What Bible software is available for Windows? 
A How many books are sold each year?
A How many copies of "The Pelican Brief" were published?
L What country can I find Ben Gurion University?
O Who won the Stanley cup in 1993?
R How long will fresh pumpkin keep fresh if it is refrigerated?
W What is the name of the third book of Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy?
A How many different types of blood are there?
X What is the Supreme Court's definition of a religion? 
X What does it mean if my neutrophil count is high? 
T What year was the Declaration of Independence signed?
L Where is the best place to buy David Yurman jewelry? 
B What does NIH stand for?
A What temperature should a sauna be? 
F What is dust mite?
X What herbs can cause seizures? 
X What planet is closest to the Sun?
Y How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in North Carolina?
X What are the symptoms of fybromialgia? 
L Where is the movie, "Fargo," filmed?
P Who is the biggest record selling artist of all time? 
T When was the Great Fire of London? 
T What was the date when the last Calvin and Hobbes comic strip was published?
X What are the most popular baby names?
W What Lulu Roman album is the song "Heaven's Watchin'" on?
X What religion is Madonna?
C What percent of the world's work is one by women?
D What is the diameter of the Earth?
P What was the name of Fred Flinstone's boss?
D How high can a plane fly?
D How tall does a dogwood tree grow?
O Tell me the name of a company in France that makes barrettes.
A How many months is allergy season in Cleveland, Ohio?
Y What age do babies normally start to speak?
P Who killed John F. Kennedy?
W What was the name of Shakespeare's first play?
L What state has the highest Native American population?
X What is the most commonly used currency in Europe?
T What was the year of the Hiroshima Bombing? 
X What is play-doh made from? 
C What is Microsoft's turnover rate? 
F What does serendipity mean? 
T When was the "Wizard of Oz" first released in the theaters?
X What are some foods that have low carbohydrates?
T When was the poem "Heritage," by Countee Cullen, written?
X What are some of the health benefits of Soy? 
M How much money do Minnesota public schools get from the federal government?
A What is the average weight of a whale?
T When did Seasame Street first air?
X What is the best food to eat if you have irritable bowel syndrome?
O Which insurance companies pay for disability after an automobile accident? 
L Where is the most expensive place to live in New York City?
L Where is the Smithsonian Museum?
T When did Leroy Anderson die?
B What does HTML mean?
P What actor got the first billing for the movie "The Fifth Element"?
X What is the new medicine for autistic children? 
C What percentage of children suffer from depression?
Y What is the minimum age requirement to skydive?
L What state is Cleveland located in?
X What is the number one cause of automobile accidents?
P Who authored the book, "Wuthering Heights"?
A How many years has the soap opera, "Another World," been on the air?
A How many people go on the Internet every day?
T When was the movie, "Meet Joe Black," first out in the theaters?
O What company offers the most frequent flyer miles when using their credit card?
X What medicines were used for curing smallpox in the Victorian era? 
X What ingredients do I need to make smoothies?
X How do I say "dog" in French?
X What kind of lodging is available in Aruba? 
T When was tea introduced to England?
A In how many countries has xenical been approved?
A How many minutes are there in a year?
X What is the difference between autobiography and biography? 
X What is the most addicting drug you can take?
X What is the mental and physical effects of caffine?
A How many students are enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin? 
X What do wild birds eat for food? 
D How long was the show, "Beverly Hills 90210" on the air?
X What was Glasgow University's main building originally designed to be?
P Who flew the first nonstop flight around the world?
X What number president was John F. Kennedy?
Y How old did Vincent Van Gogh live to be?
A How many points does it take to get a drivers license suspended in Florida? 
P Who invented the first video game?
X What were Alexander Hamilton's political views? 
F What is a calzone?
M How much is a 1980 Mad Magazine worth?
P Who coined the phrase, "God is in the details"?
X What is the first line of the poem entitled "Rainbow Bridge"?
A How many years does a house of representive serve in a term?
P Who is one famous person who died of anorexia?
O What limousine company makes the longest limousine?
D How long is the world's longest limousine?
X What gift is given on the tenth anniversary?
X Name one song by Nine Inch Nails.
C What percentage of the United States has a fear of death?
W What is the name of Kate Chopin's most popular book?
W What Jeep has the best safety ratings?
L Where do wolves live?
B What does GOP stand for?
F What are isopods?
W What show is Groundskeeper Willie a character on?
W What was the number one box office attraction this past weekend?
W What is a book written by Samuel Clemens?
O Who makes Netscape Communicator?
X What are utereine fibroids made of?
X What animal has more lives than a cat?
F What does darth mean? 
L Where was Woodstock 1999?
X What happened in the first week in November 1981?
X What are some of the side effects of induced labor?
B What does OECD stand for?
P Who reads the news for BBC radio?
X What are some jobs for music majors?
X What is the most common mineral? 
X What is the name of McDonalds restaurant university? 
X What are soft contact lenses made of?
X What is forensic psychology? 
X What is the largest University in Washington DC?
X What is the address of the Archery Hall of Fame?
P Who composed the music for thr movie "The Rock"?
X What are the top three dog breeds in the United States?
F Who is Jeff Gordon? 
M What is the average salary of funeral directors?
P Who has hit the most homeruns in Major League Baseball?
F Who is "The Who"?
P Who wrote the rock opera "Tommy"?
X What is the name of a rural real estate company near College Station, Texas?
X What do birds use their beaks for?
T When were Morgan 3 Wheelers made?
T When did the NYC club, Tunnel, first open?
X How do I remove coffee stains from wood?
M What is the lowest price I can buy a DVD-ROM drive for?
X What is a school of squid?
A How many Bed and Breakfast places are there in Nashville?
X Which fruits and vegetables continue to ripen after picking?
X What religious groups believe that humans are from other worlds? 
P Who is the author of the book "A Kettle of Hawks"?
X What is Aspergers Syndrome? 
P "People are hungry not for food but for love."  Who said that? 
A How many girls names start with the letter d?
L Where is the New Salem Carriage Museum?
X What is the theory of formalism in art 
C What percentage of Americans live in poverty?
L What city in the United States has the greatest annual rainfall?
X What are some computer retail outlets? 
A What is a healthy body weight for a woman that is 5 feet 6 inches tall?
X What literature should 9th grade history students read?
X What are the health benefits of Vitamin E?
A How many different locations are there for the candle store "Wicks n' Sticks"?
M What is the yearly salary of a nurse anethesist?
R How long does it take to get a copyright in Canada?
W What is the title of Stephen King's latest book?
X What was Fred Flintstone's bowling nickname?
A How many numbers long is a phone number in Australia?
Y How old will the actress Drew Barrymore be in 2015?
X What do I need to become an Australian citizen?
X What respiratory problems does dehydration cause? 
D What is the distance from Cologne to Solingen?
X What tribe of native american lived in the area where Whistler Mountain is located? 
M How much money does an elementary school teacher make per year?
X What is George Washington's middle name? 
X What is the migration pattern of Monarch butterflies? 
M How much should I pay for a head gasket auto repair?
X How do i get on Jeopardy? 
X What is the difference between a browser and a server?
T When were the first vehicle door latches made?
F What is a zamboni?
A How fast do Ethiopian chickens run?
C What percentage of homeless people are also mentally ill?
D How high is Mount Shasta?
X On the TV show "Petticoat Junction," what was the name of the dog on the show?
A What is considered average mileage on a 2 year old car? 
T When is the musical Rent playing in Reno, NV? 
X What was the first commercial use of computers? 
A How many people died in the Honduras mudslide?
P Who is the governor of Hawaii? 
M What was John F. Kennedy's yearly salary?
X What is the difference between APS film and 35mm film? 
X What was the name of the Air Base in Gosnell, Ark.? 
X What is a group of hippos called? 
X Name one example where geometry is found in nature.
X What is the most popular zoo in the United States?
A How many kosher restaurants are there in London?
L Where is West Point Military Academy?
L Where can I find the best Dim Sum in Delaware?
T When was ice cream invented?
A How many flavors of cotton candy are there?
X How does the National Endowment for the Arts recieve funding? 
X If I was born on April 7, what is my astrological sign?
X How do I kill a runaway process under HP-UX? 
X What herbs increase blood circulation? 
F What are transcedental numbers? 
A How many universities and colleges have a ceramics department?
A How many colleges offer summer programs for high school students?
X What are some of the causes of lower back pain? 
A How many words have the word "gum" in it?
X What month is the warmest in Florida?
X What are the most popular tourist attractions in Mt. Cook, New Zealand?
X What do you call a tent made of buffalo skins popularly used by the Indians of the Great Plains? 
F Who is Nick Seeley? 
P Who is the highest paid artist?
X How can I get rid of cat fleas in the house? 
F What is a herniated disk?
X What are the top three physics graduate schools? 
M How much would a week at Arrowhead Lodge on Table Rock Lake cost?
X Who was the last band or artist to perform at Woodstock?
Y What is the average age of a cat?
X What is the legal way to settle a freight claim? 
A How many ballistic missiles are there in Russia and the United States?
P Who costars in Michael Keatons movie "Jack Frost"? 
F What is the anti-ballistic missile treaty? 
A How many different careers are there in the United States?
L Where is the best place to grow asparagus?
X How do you remove scratches on glass windows?
L What country is the Technion Institute located in?
X What program pyays .cda files? 
A How many marriages were performed in Maryland in 1967?
A How many children's accidental deaths could have been prevented with better home safety? 
T When was the first piece of grafitti spotted?
X What happens to your heart when you hiccup?
X Why are leaves green?
L Where is the best place to ski in Colorado?
X What exercises are recommended to cure or relieve tendonitis in the elbow? 
X What is the difference between sweet potatoes and yams? 
X What is the historical significance of the Holy Land to the Jewish People? 
X What causes acne?
X What does Australia export to Laos? 
F What is dry ice?
T The city of Los Angeles was founded in what year?
P Who built the airplane called "Albatross"?
P Name an american actor that also produces.
P Who said: "The best defense is usually a good offense."
X What is the word for someone who hates men?
X How can I improve my eyesight?
X What is the name of the society for astronomers?
A What is the frequency response of Bose 301 loudspeakers?
